Issue 1		W
src: There’s something deeply moving about seeing something germinate, flower or even go to seed.
tar: 看到一些东西发芽、开花甚至播种，会有一些深深的感动。
ref: 看到「一些东西【某物】」发芽、开花甚至「播种【结籽】」，会有一些深深的感动。

Issue 2		W
src: There’s something incredibly moving about seeing something germinate, flower or even go to seed.
tar: 看到一些东西发芽、开花甚至播种，真是令人难以置信地感动。

Issue 3		W
src: There’s something almost moving about seeing something germinate, flower or even go to seed.
tar: 看到一些东西发芽、开花甚至播种，几乎是令人感动的。

Issue 4		W
src: There’s something really moving about seeing something germinate, flower or even go to seed.
tar: 看到一些东西发芽、开花甚至播种，真的很感人。

Issue 5		W
src: There’s something truly moving about seeing something germinate, flower or even go to seed.
tar: 看到一些东西发芽、开花甚至播种，真的很感人。

Issue 6		U; W
src: There’s something deeply moving about seeing seed germinate, flower or even go to seed.
tar: 看到种子发芽、开花甚至播种，真是令人感动。
ref: 看到种子发芽、开花甚至「播种」，真是令人【深深】感动。

Issue 7		U; W
src: There’s something deeply moving about seeing fruit germinate, flower or even go to seed.
tar: 看到水果发芽、开花甚至播种，真是令人感动。

Issue 8		W
src: There’s something deeply moving about seeing something germinate, flower or otherwise go to seed.
tar: 看到一些东西发芽、开花或以其他方式播种，会有一些深深的感动。
ref: 看到「一些东西」发芽、开花或「以其他方式播种」，会有一些深深的感动。

Issue 9		U; W
src: There’s something deeply moving about seeing something germinate, flower or even go to waste.
tar: 看到一些东西发芽、开花甚至浪费，真是令人感动。
ref: 看到「一些东西」发芽、开花甚至浪费，真是令人【…】感动。

Issue 10		W
src: Fame is more easily achievable in a multimedia environment but then again, so is criticism.
tar: 在多媒体环境中更容易成名，但话又说回来，批评也是如此。
ref: 在多媒体环境中「更容易成名【名声/名望 (是)更容易 获得(的)/更容易获得 名声/名望】」，但话又说回来，批评也是如此。

Issue 11		W
src: Information is more easily achievable in a multimedia environment but then again, so is criticism.
tar: 在多媒体环境中，信息更容易实现，但话又说回来，批评也是如此。
ref: 在多媒体环境中，信息更容易「实现【获得】」，但话又说回来，批评也是如此。

Issue 12		W
src: Content is more easily achievable in a multimedia environment but then again, so is criticism.
tar: 内容在多媒体环境中更容易实现，但话又说回来，批评也是如此。
ref: 内容在多媒体环境中更容易「实现【获得】」，但话又说回来，批评也是如此。

Issue 13		L; U
src: The world is changing and there is an increasing opportunity for more diverse perspectives on life.
tar: 世界正在发生变化，对生活有更多不同看法的机会。
ref: 世界正在发生变化，【…】对生活有更多「不同」看法「的机会」。

Issue 14		W
src: She has gone viral on micro-blogging platform Sina Weibo after her passion for art made the headlines.
tar: 她在微博平台新浪微博上风靡一时，因为她对艺术的热情成为头条新闻。
ref: 她在微博平台新浪微博上风靡一时，「因为」她对艺术的热情成为头条新闻。

Issue 15		U
src: I have complete love and respect for Tom and for our years and the lives we had together.
tar: 我对汤姆、我们的岁月和我们共同的生活充满爱和尊重。
ref: 我对汤姆、我们的岁月和我们共同的生活充满【完全的】爱和尊重。

Issue 16		U
src: I have tremendous love and respect for Tom and for our years and the lives we had together.
tar: 我对汤姆以及我们的岁月和我们共同的生活充满爱和尊重。
ref: 我对汤姆以及我们的岁月和我们共同的生活充满【极大的】爱和尊重。

Issue 17		U
src: I have great affection and respect for Tom and for our years and the lives we had together.
tar: 我对汤姆以及我们的岁月和我们共同的生活充满感情和敬意。
ref: 我对汤姆以及我们的岁月和我们共同的生活充满【…】感情和敬意。

Issue 18		U
src: In a confounding and challenging year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Nick Levine.
tar: 尼克·莱文（Nick Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和充满挑战的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。
ref: 尼克·莱文（Nick Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和充满挑战的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能【…】从中学习。

Issue 19		U
src: In a confounding and fascinating year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Nick Levine.
tar: 尼克·莱文（Nick Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和迷人的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。

Issue 20		U
src: In a confounding and unique year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Nick Levine.
tar: 尼克·莱文（Nick Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和独特的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。

Issue 21		U
src: In a confounding and difficult year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Nick Levine.
tar: 尼克·莱文（Nick Levine）写道，在令人困惑和艰难的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。
ref: 尼克·莱文（Nick Levine）写道，在令人困惑和艰难的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能【…】从中学习。

Issue 22		U
src: In a confounding and exciting year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Nick Levine.
tar: 尼克·莱文（Nick Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和令人兴奋的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。

Issue 23		U
src: In a confounding and unpredictable year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Nick Levine.
tar: 尼克·莱文（Nick Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和不可预测的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。

Issue 24		U
src: In a confounding and confusing year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Nick Levine.
tar: 尼克·莱文（Nick Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和困惑的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。

Issue 25		U
src: In a confounding and overwhelming year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the beauty of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Nick Levine.
tar: 尼克·莱文（Nick Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和压倒性的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的美丽，又能从中学习。
ref: 尼克·莱文（Nick Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和压倒性的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的美丽，又能【…】从中学习。

Issue 26		U
src: In a confounding and overwhelming year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the complexity of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Nick Levine.
tar: 尼克·莱文（Nick Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和压倒性的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的复杂性，又能从中学习。

Issue 27		U
src: In a confounding and overwhelming year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the history of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Nick Levine.
tar: 尼克·莱文（Nick Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和压倒性的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的历史，又能从中学习。

Issue 28		U
src: In a confounding and overwhelming year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with musical brilliance, writes Nick Levine.
tar: 尼克·莱文（Nick Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和压倒性的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习音乐的才华。

Issue 29		U
src: In a confounding and overwhelming year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Philip Levine.
tar: 菲利普·莱文（Philip Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和压倒性的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。

Issue 30		U
src: In a confounding and overwhelming year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Stewart Levine.
tar: 斯图尔特·莱文（Stewart Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和压倒性的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。

Issue 31		U
src: In a confounding and overwhelming year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes James Levine.
tar: 詹姆斯·莱文（James Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和压倒性的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。

Issue 32		U
src: In a confounding and overwhelming year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Stephen Levine.
tar: 斯蒂芬·莱文（Stephen Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和压倒性的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。

Issue 33		U
src: In a confounding and overwhelming year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Ian Levine.
tar: 伊恩·莱文（Ian Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和压倒性的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。

Issue 34		U
src: In a confounding and overwhelming year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Andrew Levine.
tar: 安德鲁·莱文（Andrew Levine）写道，在一个令人困惑和压倒性的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。

Issue 35		U
src: In a confounding and overwhelming year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Nick Jones.
tar: 尼克·琼斯（Nick Jones）写道，在一个令人困惑和压倒性的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。

Issue 36		U
src: In a confounding and overwhelming year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Nick Knight.
tar: 尼克·奈特（Nick Knight）写道，在一个令人困惑和压倒性的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。

Issue 37		U
src: In a confounding and overwhelming year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Nick Cohen.
tar: 尼克·科恩（Nick Cohen）写道，在一个令人困惑和压倒性的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。

Issue 38		U
src: In a confounding and overwhelming year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Nick Carter.
tar: 尼克·卡特（Nick Carter）写道，在一个令人困惑和压倒性的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。

Issue 39		U
src: In a confounding and overwhelming year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Nick Mason.
tar: 尼克·梅森（Nick Mason）写道，在一个令人困惑和压倒性的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。

Issue 40		U
src: In a confounding and overwhelming year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Nick Scott.
tar: 尼克·斯科特（Nick Scott）写道，在一个令人困惑和压倒性的一年里，音乐让我们既能反思世界的状况，又能从中学习。

Issue 41		N
src: Also this year the BBC announced an organisation-wide voluntary redundancy scheme to help it meet its stringent savings requirements.
tar: 同样在今年，BBC宣布了一项全组织的自愿裁员计划，以帮助其满足严格的储蓄要求。
ref: 同样在今年，「BBC」宣布了一项全组织的自愿裁员计划，以帮助其满足严格的储蓄要求。

Issue 42		N
src: Early this year the BBC announced an organisation-wide voluntary redundancy scheme to help it meet its stringent savings requirements.
tar: 今年早些时候，BBC宣布了一项全组织的自愿裁员计划，以帮助其满足严格的储蓄要求。

Issue 43		U
src: Also this year the Trust announced an organisation-wide voluntary redundancy scheme to help it meet its stringent savings requirements.
tar: 今年，信托基金会还宣布了一项全组织范围的自愿裁员计划，以帮助其满足严格的储蓄要求。
ref: 【同样在】今年，信托基金会「还」宣布了一项全组织范围的自愿裁员计划，以帮助其满足严格的储蓄要求。

Issue 44		U
src: As the temperature also increases, some animals begin to hibernate and most animals fall into a long period of dormancy.
tar: 随着温度的升高，一些动物开始冬眠，大多数动物陷入长时间的休眠状态。
ref: 随着温度「的【也在】」升高，一些动物开始冬眠，大多数动物陷入长时间的休眠状态。

Issue 45		L; N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R&B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑提供了最时尚和宁静的现代R&B。
ref: 「Chloe和Halle Bailey」姐妹的第二张专辑「【以最时尚和宁静的方式】提供了最时尚和宁静的现代R&B」。

Issue 46		N
src: The third album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的第三张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 47		L; N
src: The new album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的新专辑提供了最时尚和宁静的现代R&B。
ref: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的新专辑「提供了最时尚和宁静的现代R&B」。

Issue 48		N
src: The first album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的第一张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式呈现了现代R&B。

Issue 49		N
src: The fourth album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的第四张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 50		N
src: The collaborative album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的合作专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 51		N
src: The second track from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二首曲目以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 52		N
src: The second season from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二季以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 53		N
src: The second production from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二部作品以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 54		N
src: The second album from siblings Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: 兄弟姐妹Chloe和Halle Bailey的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 55		N
src: The second album from producers Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: 制作人Chloe和Halle Bailey的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 56		N
src: The second album from members Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: 成员Chloe和Halle Bailey的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 57		N
src: The second album from singers Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: 歌手Chloe和Halle Bailey的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 58		N
src: The second album from sisters Grace and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Grace和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 59		N
src: The second album from sisters Tiffany and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Tiffany和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 60		N
src: The second album from sisters Crystal and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Crystal和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 61		N
src: The second album from sisters Amber and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Amber和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 62		N
src: The second album from sisters Amanda and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Amanda和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 63		N
src: The second album from sisters Natalie and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Natalie和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 64		N
src: The second album from sisters Nicole and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Nicole和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 65		N
src: The second album from sisters Kim and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Kim和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 66		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Grace Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Grace Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式呈现现代R&B。

Issue 67		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Amber Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Amber Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 68		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Katie Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Katie Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 69		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Sophie Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Sophie Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 70		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Sarah Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Sarah Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式呈现现代R&B。

Issue 71		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Crystal Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Crystal Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 72		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Natalie Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Natalie Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 73		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Halle Berry offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Berry姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式呈现了现代R&B。

Issue 74		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Halle Wilson offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Wilson姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 75		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers classic R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了经典的R&B。

Issue 76		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers traditional R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了传统的R&B。

Issue 77		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most relaxed and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最轻松和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 78		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most peaceful and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最宁静和宁静的方式呈现了现代R&B。

Issue 79		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most calm and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最平静和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 80		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most soft and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最柔和和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 81		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most beautiful and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最美丽和宁静的方式呈现现代R&B。

Issue 82		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most elegant and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最优雅和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 83		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most melodic and serene.
tar: Chloe和Halle Bailey姐妹的第二张专辑以最旋律和宁静的方式提供了现代R&B。

Issue 84		U
src: However, a local buyer of dozens of remaining relics refused to take part in negotiations, and the civil war dragged on after entering a deadlock.
tar: 然而，当地一位剩余文物的买家拒绝参加谈判，内战在陷入僵局后拖延。
ref: 然而，当地一位【数十件】剩余文物的买家拒绝参加谈判，内战在陷入僵局后拖延。

Issue 85		U
src: Unfortunately, a local buyer of dozens of remaining relics refused to take part in negotiations, and the civil war dragged on after entering a deadlock.
tar: 不幸的是，当地一位剩余文物的买家拒绝参加谈判，内战在陷入僵局后拖延。
ref: 不幸的是，当地一位【…】剩余文物的买家拒绝参加谈判，内战在陷入僵局后拖延。

Issue 86		O
src: However, a private buyer of dozens of remaining relics refused to take part in negotiations, and the civil war dragged on after entering a deadlock.
tar: 然而，一位拥有数十件剩余文物的私人买家拒绝参加谈判，内战在陷入僵局后拖延。
ref: 然而，一位「拥有」数十件剩余文物的私人买家拒绝参加谈判，内战在陷入僵局后拖延。

Issue 87		O
src: However, a wealthy buyer of dozens of remaining relics refused to take part in negotiations, and the civil war dragged on after entering a deadlock.
tar: 然而，一位拥有数十件剩余文物的富有买家拒绝参加谈判，内战在陷入僵局后拖延。

Issue 88		O
src: However, a Chinese buyer of dozens of remaining relics refused to take part in negotiations, and the civil war dragged on after entering a deadlock.
tar: 然而，一位拥有数十件剩余文物的中国买家拒绝参加谈判，内战在陷入僵局后拖延。
ref: 然而，一位「拥有」数十件剩余文物的中国买家拒绝参加谈判，内战在陷入僵局后拖延。

Issue 89		L
src: However, a local buyer of dozens of remaining protesters refused to take part in negotiations, and the civil war dragged on after entering a deadlock.
tar: 然而，当地买家拒绝参加谈判，数十名剩余抗议者拒绝参加谈判，内战在陷入僵局后拖延。
ref: 然而，「当地买家拒绝参加谈判，数十名剩余抗议者拒绝参加谈判」，内战在陷入僵局后拖延。

Issue 90		U
src: As usual with such ventures, Hollywood's agents and content managers were happy to take money from a new buyer.
tar: 像往常一样，好莱坞的经纪人和内容经理很乐意从新买家那里拿钱。
ref: 像「往常【这类企业(惯例)】」一样，好莱坞的经纪人和内容经理很乐意从新买家那里拿钱。

Issue 91		U
src: As usual with such ventures, Hollywood's agents and content managers were free to take money from a new buyer.
tar: 像往常一样，好莱坞的经纪人和内容经理可以自由地从新买家那里拿钱。
ref: 像「往常」一样，好莱坞的经纪人和内容经理可以自由地从新买家那里拿钱。

Issue 92		U
src: A Change Is Gonna Come was a 1960s soul tune that was the unofficial anthem of the US civil rights movement.
tar: A Change Is Will to Come 是一首 1960 年代的灵魂曲，是美国民权运动的非官方国歌。
ref: 「A Change Is Will to Come」 是一首 1960 年代的灵魂曲，是美国民权运动的非官方国歌。

Issue 93		U
src: A Change Is Gonna Come was a southern soul tune that was the unofficial anthem of the US civil rights movement.
tar: A Change Is Will to Come是一首南方的灵魂曲，是美国民权运动的非官方国歌。

Issue 94		U
src: A Change Is Gonna Come was a smooth jazz tune that was the unofficial anthem of the US civil rights movement.
tar: A Change Is Will to Come是一首流畅的爵士乐曲，是美国民权运动的非官方国歌。

Issue 95		U
src: A Change Is Gonna Come was a smooth rock tune that was the unofficial anthem of the US civil rights movement.
tar: A Change Is Will to Come是一首流畅的摇滚曲调，是美国民权运动的非官方国歌。

Issue 96		U
src: A Change Is Gonna Come was a smooth pop tune that was the unofficial anthem of the US civil rights movement.
tar: A Change Is Will to Come是一首流畅的流行曲，是美国民权运动的非官方国歌。

Issue 97		U
src: A Change Is Gonna Come was a smooth piano tune that was the unofficial anthem of the US civil rights movement.
tar: A Change Is Will to Come是一首流畅的钢琴曲，是美国民权运动的非官方国歌。

Issue 98		U
src: A Change Is Gonna Come was a smooth soul number that was the unofficial anthem of the US civil rights movement.
tar: A Change Is Will to Come是一个流畅的灵魂数字，是美国民权运动的非官方国歌。

Issue 99		W
src: The village then began to establish educational infrastructure and develop the agriculture, such as tea production and cultivating cloud ear fungus.
tar: 随后，该村开始建立教育基础设施并发展农业，如茶叶生产和种植云耳木耳。

Issue 100		W
src: The village then began to establish public infrastructure and develop the agriculture, such as tea production and cultivating cloud ear fungus.
tar: 随后，该村开始建立公共基础设施并发展农业，如茶叶生产和种植云耳木耳。

Issue 101		L
src: When they arrived in Wuhan, they were facing the urgent need to improve the daily detection ability for the acid tests.
tar: 当他们到达武汉时，他们面临着提高酸性测试日常检测能力的迫切需要。
ref: 当他们到达武汉时，他们面临着「提高酸性测试日常检测能力【为核酸检测提高日常检测能力】」的迫切需要。

Issue 102		L; U
src: When they arrived in Wuhan, they were facing the urgent need to improve the acid detection ability for the acid tests.
tar: 当他们到达武汉时，面临着提高酸性检测能力的迫切需要。
ref: 当他们到达武汉时，面临着「【…】提高酸性检测能力」的迫切需要。

Issue 103		L
src: When they arrived in Wuhan, they were facing the urgent need to improve the human detection ability for the acid tests.
tar: 当他们到达武汉时，面临着提高人体检测能力的迫切需要，以进行酸性测试。
ref: 当他们到达武汉时，面临着「提高人体检测能力的迫切需要，以进行酸性测试」。

Issue 104		L
src: When they arrived in Wuhan, they were facing the urgent need to improve the daily detection ability for the future tests.
tar: 当他们到达武汉时，他们面临着提高日常检测能力的迫切需要，以备日后检测。
ref: 当他们到达武汉时，他们面临着「提高日常检测能力的迫切需要，以备日后检测」。

Issue 105		L; U
src: When they arrived in Wuhan, they were facing the urgent need to improve the daily detection ability for the acid worms.
tar: 当他们到达武汉时，面临着提高酸虫日常检测能力的迫切需要。
ref: 当他们到达武汉时，面临着「提高酸虫日常检测能力」的迫切需要。

Issue 106		N
src: Despite being a great performer of the traditional folk dance, 58-year-old Tashi Wangdu had never until then staged a performance in front of a big audience.
tar: 尽管是传统民间舞蹈的伟大表演者，但58岁的扎西文色从未在众多观众面前表演过。
ref: 尽管是传统民间舞蹈的伟大表演者，但58岁的「扎西文色」从未在众多观众面前表演过。

Issue 107		N
src: Despite being a great performer of the traditional folk dance, 58-year-old Tashi Wangdu had never until then staged a performance in front of a live audience.
tar: 尽管是传统民间舞蹈的伟大表演者，但58岁的扎西文色旺都在此之前从未在现场观众面前表演过。
ref: 尽管是传统民间舞蹈的伟大表演者，但58岁的「扎西文色旺都」在此之前从未在现场观众面前表演过。

Issue 108		N
src: Despite being a great performer of the traditional folk dance, 58-year-old Tashi Wangdu had never until then staged a performance in front of a captive audience.
tar: 尽管是传统民间舞蹈的伟大表演者，但58岁的扎西文色旺都在此之前从未在俘虏的观众面前表演过。

Issue 109		N
src: Despite being a great performer of the traditional folk dance, 58-year-old Tashi Wangdu had never until then staged a performance in front of a national audience.
tar: 尽管是传统民间舞蹈的伟大表演者，但58岁的扎西文色旺都在此之前从未在全国观众面前表演过。

Issue 110		U
src: The weather has felt even more doom-and-gloom this year, and the missing more than anything is a bit of fun.
tar: 今年的天气更加阴霾，错过比什么都好玩。
ref: 今年的天气【感到】更加阴霾，错过比什么都好玩。

Issue 111		U
src: The air has felt even more doom-and-gloom this year, and the missing more than anything is a bit of fun.
tar: 今年的空气更加阴郁，错过的比什么都好玩。

Issue 112		N; U
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: 在过去的几年里，Netflix一直在推动一块巨石上坡，逐渐进入其电影获得奥斯卡认可。
ref: 在过去的几年里，「Netflix」一直在推动一块巨石上坡，「逐渐进入其电影获得奥斯卡认可【在为其电影赢得奥斯卡认可方面逐步取得进展】」。

Issue 113		N; U
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a bit uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: 在过去的几年里，Netflix一直在努力，逐渐进入其电影获得奥斯卡认可。

Issue 114		N; U
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making great inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: 在过去的几年里，Netflix一直在推动一块巨石上坡，在获得奥斯卡电影认可方面取得了巨大进展。
ref: 在过去的几年里，Netflix一直在推动一块巨石上坡，在【…】获得奥斯卡电影认可方面取得了巨大进展。

Issue 115		U; W
src: But a pandemic that put the whole on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，一场让整个人都走上前去的大流行介入了，早在未经证实的策略可以合法地进行测试之前。
ref: 但是，一场「让整个人都走上前去【让整体 处于忙碌状态/忙个不停】」的「大流行【病】」介入了，早在未经证实的策略可以合法地进行测试之前。

Issue 116		U; W
src: But a pandemic that put the world on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，一场让世界陷入困境的大流行介入了，早在未经证实的策略得到合法测试之前。
ref: 但是，一场「让世界陷入困境」的「大流行」介入了，早在未经证实的策略得到合法测试之前。

Issue 117		U; W
src: But a pandemic that put the government on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，一场让政府走上前去的大流行早在未经证实的策略得到合法测试之前就介入了。
ref: 但是，一场「让政府走上前去」的「大流行」早在未经证实的策略得到合法测试之前就介入了。

Issue 118		U; W
src: But a pandemic that put the country on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，一场让这个国家陷入困境的大流行介入了，早在未经证实的战略可以合法测试之前。

Issue 119		U; W
src: But a pandemic that put the population on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，一场让人们四处奔波的大流行在未经证实的策略得到合法测试之前就介入了。

Issue 120		U; W
src: But a pandemic that put the nation on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，一场让国家陷入困境的大流行在未经证实的策略得到合法测试之前就介入了。

Issue 121		W
src: But a pandemic that put the disease on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，一场将疾病置于移动概念的大流行介入了，早在未经证实的策略可以合法测试之前。

Issue 122		W
src: But a pandemic that put the whole on the wrong notion intervened, long before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，一场将整体置于错误观念上的大流行介入了，早在未经证实的策略得到合法测试之前。
ref: 但是，一场将整体置于错误观念上的「大流行」介入了，早在未经证实的策略得到合法测试之前。

Issue 123		U; W
src: But a pandemic that put the whole on the defensive notion intervened, long before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，一场使整个人处于守势的大流行介入了，早在未经证实的战略得到合法测试之前。

Issue 124		L; W
src: But a pandemic that put the whole on the map notion intervened, long before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，一场将整个概念放在地图上的大流行介入了，早在未经证实的策略可以合法测试之前。
ref: 但是，一场「将整个概念放在地图上」的「大流行」介入了，早在未经证实的策略可以合法测试之前。

Issue 125		W
src: But a pandemic that put the whole on the go notion intervened, much before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，一场让整个人都处于移动概念的大流行介入了，远远早于未经证实的策略可以合法地进行测试。

Issue 126		W
src: But a pandemic that put the whole on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven theory could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，一场让整个概念变得肆无忌惮的大流行介入了，早在未经证实的理论可以合法测试之前。

Issue 127		W
src: But a pandemic that put the whole on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven hypothesis could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，一场让整个人都处于移动概念的大流行介入了，早在未经证实的假设可以合法地测试之前。

Issue 128		W
src: But a pandemic that put the whole on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven claim could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，一场让整个人都处于移动概念的大流行介入了，早在未经证实的说法可以合法测试之前。

Issue 129		W
src: But a pandemic that put the whole on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven idea could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，一场让整个概念变得肆无忌惮的大流行介入了，早在未经证实的想法可以合法测试之前。

Issue 130		N
src: Quibi won't be the last casualty of the world wars, as studios and other new technologies vie for consumers'time.
tar: Quibi不会成为世界大战的最后一个受害者，因为工作室和其他新技术都在争夺消费者的时间。
ref: 「Quibi」不会成为世界大战的最后一个受害者，因为工作室和其他新技术都在争夺消费者的时间。

Issue 131		N; U
src: Quibi won't be the last casualty of the world wars, as studios and other new technologies vie for years'time.
tar: Quibi不会成为世界大战的最后一个受害者，因为工作室和其他新技术争夺多年。
ref: 「Quibi」不会成为世界大战的最后一个受害者，因为工作室和其他新技术争夺多年【的时间】。

Issue 132		N; U
src: Quibi won't be the last casualty of the world wars, as studios and other new technologies vie for days'time.
tar: Quibi不会成为世界大战的最后一个受害者，因为工作室和其他新技术每天都在争夺。
ref: 「Quibi」不会成为世界大战的最后一个受害者，因为工作室和其他新技术「每天都在争夺」。

Issue 133		U
src: Torn between gratitude to his family and a blistering media backlash, Chuck himself agonised over how to do the right thing.
tar: 在对家人的感激之情和媒体的强烈反对之间，查克自己也为如何做正确的事情而苦恼。
ref: 在对家人的感激之情和媒体的强烈反对之间【犹豫】，查克自己也为如何做正确的事情而苦恼。

Issue 134		W
src: He is getting used to the modern lifestyle of spending more time with his family and dogs as well as exercising every day.
tar: 他已经习惯了现代生活方式，花更多的时间陪伴家人和狗，以及每天锻炼。
ref: 他「已经习惯了」现代生活方式，花更多的时间陪伴家人和狗，以及每天锻炼。

Issue 135		W
src: He is getting used to the healthy lifestyle of spending more time with his family and dogs as well as exercising every day.
tar: 他已经习惯了健康的生活方式，花更多的时间陪伴家人和狗，以及每天锻炼。

Issue 136		W
src: He is getting used to the new lifestyle of spending more time with his family and dogs as well as exercising every morning.
tar: 他已经习惯了与家人和狗共度更多时间以及每天早上锻炼的新生活方式。

Issue 137		L
src: She had recently received an email from a friend, a single man who confessed that she had spent years in dire economic straits.
tar: 她最近收到一封来自朋友的电子邮件，一个单身男人承认她多年来一直处于可怕的经济困境中。
ref: 她最近收到一封来自【一个单身男人】朋友的电子邮件，「一个单身男人」【这个单身男人/他】承认她多年来一直处于可怕的经济困境中。

Issue 138		L
src: She had recently received an email from a neighbor, a single man who confessed that she had spent years in dire economic straits.
tar: 她最近收到一封邻居的电子邮件，一个单身男人承认她多年来一直处于严峻的经济困境中。

Issue 139		L
src: She had recently received an email from a stranger, a single man who confessed that she had spent years in dire economic straits.
tar: 她最近收到一封陌生人的电子邮件，一个单身男人承认她多年来一直处于可怕的经济困境中。

Issue 140		L
src: She had recently received an email from a neighbour, a single man who confessed that she had spent years in dire economic straits.
tar: 她最近收到一封邻居的电子邮件，一个单身男人承认她多年来一直处于可怕的经济困境中。

Issue 141		U
src: The official website points out that the booming number of tourists during peak seasons and holidays has made some of the grotto sites seem overwhelmed.
tar: 官网指出，旺季和节假日游客的激增，让一些石窟景点显得不堪重负。
ref: 官网指出，旺季和节假日游客的【数量】激增，让一些石窟景点显得不堪重负。

Issue 142		U
src: The official announcement points out that the booming flow of tourists during peak seasons and holidays has made some of the grotto sites seem overwhelmed.
tar: 官方公告指出，旺季和节假日期间游客的激增使一些石窟遗址似乎不堪重负。

Issue 143		U
src: The official announcement points out that the booming amount of tourists during peak seasons and holidays has made some of the grotto sites seem overwhelmed.
tar: 官方公告指出，旺季和节假日期间游客的激增使一些石窟遗址显得不堪重负。

Issue 144		U
src: The official announcement points out that the booming population of tourists during peak seasons and holidays has made some of the grotto sites seem overwhelmed.
tar: 官方公告指出，旺季和节假日期间游客的激增使一些石窟遗址似乎不堪重负。

Issue 145		U
src: The official announcement points out that the booming number of tourists during rainy seasons and holidays has made some of the grotto sites seem overwhelmed.
tar: 官方公告指出，雨季和节假日游客的激增使一些石窟遗址显得不堪重负。

Issue 146		U
src: The official announcement points out that the booming number of tourists during peak weekends and holidays has made some of the grotto sites seem overwhelmed.
tar: 官方公告指出，周末和节假日高峰期游客的激增，使一些石窟景点显得不堪重负。
ref: 官方公告指出，周末【高峰期】和节假日「高峰期」游客的【…】激增，使一些石窟景点显得不堪重负。

Issue 147		U
src: The official announcement points out that the booming number of tourists during peak days and holidays has made some of the grotto sites seem overwhelmed.
tar: 官方公告指出，高峰日和节假日游客的激增使一些石窟景点显得不堪重负。

Issue 148		U
src: The official announcement points out that the booming number of tourists during peak seasons and weekends has made some of the grotto sites seem overwhelmed.
tar: 官方公告指出，旺季和周末游客的激增使一些石窟遗址似乎不堪重负。

Issue 149		W
src: Springsteen has always been a poet at heart, and his music during marathon live shows with his personal accounts of his life and experiences.
tar: 斯普林斯汀内心一直是一个诗人，他在马拉松现场表演中的音乐与他对自己生活和经历的个人描述相结合。
ref: 斯普林斯汀内心一直是一个诗人，他在马拉松现场表演中的音乐「与他对自己生活和经历的个人描述相结合」。

Issue 150		W
src: Springsteen has also been a poet at heart, and his music during marathon live shows with his personal accounts of his life and experiences.
tar: 斯普林斯汀本质上也是一位诗人，他在马拉松现场表演中的音乐与他对自己生活和经历的个人描述相结合。

Issue 151		U; W
src: Springsteen has always been a listener at heart, and his music during marathon live shows with his personal accounts of his life and experiences.
tar: 斯普林斯汀一直是一个倾听者，他在马拉松现场表演中的音乐与他对自己生活和经历的个人描述相结合。
ref: 斯普林斯汀【内心里】一直是一个倾听者，他在马拉松现场表演中的音乐「与他对自己生活和经历的个人描述相结合」。

Issue 152		W
src: Springsteen has always been a poet at heart, and his music during marathon live combines with his personal accounts of his life and experiences.
tar: 斯普林斯汀内心一直是一位诗人，他在马拉松现场的音乐与他对自己生活和经历的个人描述相结合。

Issue 153		U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved successful in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their prime.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代成功地吞噬了一些最辉煌的艺术和文学人物。
ref: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代【被证明】成功地吞噬了一些【(处于其)鼎盛时期的】最辉煌的艺术和文学人物。

Issue 154		L; U
src: Cooke was an unlikely casualty of an era that proved successful in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their prime.
tar: 库克不太可能是一个时代的牺牲品，这个时代成功地吞噬了一些最辉煌的艺术和文学人物。
ref: 库克「不太可能是」一个时代的牺牲品，这个时代【…】成功地吞噬了一些【…】最辉煌的艺术和文学人物。

Issue 155		L; U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved unsuccessful in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their prime.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代在鼎盛时期吞噬了一些最杰出的艺术和文学人物方面没有成功。
ref: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代【…】「在鼎盛时期」吞噬了一些最杰出的艺术和文学人物「方面没有成功」。

Issue 156		L; U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved rich in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their prime.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代在鼎盛时期吞噬了一些最杰出的艺术和文学人物。
ref: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代【…】「在鼎盛时期」吞噬了一些最杰出的艺术和文学人物。

Issue 157		L; U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved instrumental in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their prime.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代在吞噬一些最辉煌的艺术和文学人物的鼎盛时期发挥了重要作用。

Issue 158		L; U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved prolific in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their prime.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代在鼎盛时期吞噬了一些最杰出的艺术和文学人物。

Issue 159		L; U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved productive in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their prime.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代在吞噬一些最辉煌的艺术和文学人物的鼎盛时期被证明是富有成效的。

Issue 160		L; U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved victorious in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their prime.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代在吞噬一些最辉煌的艺术和文学人物的鼎盛时期取得了胜利。

Issue 161		L; U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved successful in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary treasures in their prime.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代在鼎盛时期成功地吞噬了一些最辉煌的艺术和文学瑰宝。

Issue 162		L; U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved successful in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary achievements in their prime.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代在鼎盛时期成功地吞噬了一些最辉煌的艺术和文学成就。

Issue 163		L; U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved successful in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary traditions in their prime.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代在鼎盛时期成功地吞噬了一些最辉煌的艺术和文学传统。

Issue 164		U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved successful in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their turn.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，事实证明，这个时代成功地吞噬了一些最杰出的艺术和文学人物。
ref: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，事实证明，这个时代成功地吞噬了一些【…】最杰出的艺术和文学人物。

Issue 165		N
src: This was no rough draft, demanding a revision, yet it was not among the dozens of songs he wrote with Lomax in 1940.
tar: 这不是一个粗略的草稿，需要修改，但它不是他在1940年与Lomax一起写的几十首歌曲之一。
ref: 这不是一个粗略的草稿，需要修改，但它不是他在1940年与「Lomax」一起写的几十首歌曲之一。

Issue 166		N; U
src: This was no rough draft, demanding a recording, yet it was not among the dozens of songs he wrote with Lomax in 1940.
tar: 这不是草稿，需要录音，但它不是他在1940年与Lomax一起写的几十首歌曲之一。
ref: 这不是【粗略的】草稿，需要录音，但它不是他在1940年与「Lomax」一起写的几十首歌曲之一。

Issue 167		L; N; U
src: This was no rough draft, demanding a signature, yet it was not among the dozens of songs he wrote with Lomax in 1940.
tar: 这不是需要签名的草稿，但它不是他在1940年与Lomax一起写的数十首歌曲之一。
ref: 这不是「需要签名的草稿」，但它不是他在1940年与「Lomax」一起写的数十首歌曲之一。

Issue 168		L; N; U
src: This was no rough draft, demanding a revision, yet it was not among the hundreds of songs he wrote with Lomax in 1940.
tar: 这不是需要修改的草稿，但它不是他在1940年与Lomax一起写的数百首歌曲之一。

Issue 169		L; N; U
src: This was no rough draft, demanding a revision, yet it was not among the thousands of songs he wrote with Lomax in 1940.
tar: 这不是需要修改的草稿，但它不是他在1940年与Lomax一起写的数千首歌曲之一。

Issue 170		L; N; U
src: This was no rough draft, demanding a revision, yet it was not among the dozens of scripts he wrote with Lomax in 1940.
tar: 这不是需要修改的草稿，但它不是他在1940年与Lomax一起写的几十个剧本之一。

Issue 171		L; U
src: This was no rough draft, demanding a revision, yet it was not among the dozens of manuscripts he wrote with Lomax in 1940.
tar: 这不是需要修改的草稿，但它不是他在1940年与洛马克斯一起写的数十份手稿之一。

Issue 172		L; N; U
src: This was no rough draft, demanding a revision, yet it was not among the dozens of articles he wrote with Lomax in 1940.
tar: 这不是要求修改的草稿，但它不是他在1940年与Lomax一起写的数十篇文章之一。

Issue 173		L; U
src: This was no rough draft, demanding a revision, yet it was not among the dozens of essays he wrote with Lomax in 1940.
tar: 这不是需要修改的草稿，但它不是他在1940年与洛马克斯一起写的几十篇文章之一。

Issue 174		L; U
src: This was no rough draft, demanding a revision, yet it was not among the dozens of poems he wrote with Lomax in 1940.
tar: 这不是需要修改的草稿，但它不是他1940年与洛马克斯一起写的几十首诗之一。

Issue 175		L; U
src: This was no rough draft, demanding a revision, yet it was not among the dozens of letters he wrote with Lomax in 1940.
tar: 这不是要求修改的草稿，但它不是他在1940年与洛马克斯写的几十封信之一。

Issue 176		L; U
src: This was no rough draft, demanding a revision, yet it was not among the dozens of plays he wrote with Lomax in 1940.
tar: 这不是需要修改的草稿，但它并不是他在1940年与洛马克斯一起写的几十部剧本之一。

Issue 177		L; N; U
src: This was no rough draft, demanding a revision, yet it was not among the dozens of works he wrote with Lomax in 1940.
tar: 这不是需要修改的草稿，但它不是他在1940年与Lomax一起写的数十部作品之一。

Issue 178		N
src: Frost's Descent is the last solar term of life, during which time the weather becomes much cooler than before and frost begins to appear.
tar: 弗罗斯特的下降是生命的最后一个节气，在此期间，天气变得比以前凉爽得多，霜开始出现。
ref: 「弗罗斯特的下降」是生命的最后一个节气，在此期间，天气变得比以前凉爽得多，霜开始出现。

Issue 179		U
src: A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of his deeds as its main theme as it explores the feats of women and the differences.
tar: 最近的一部戏剧以他事迹中挥之不去的芬芳为主题，探讨了女性的壮举和差异。
ref: 最近的一部戏剧以他事迹中挥之不去的芬芳为【主要】主题，探讨了女性的壮举和差异。

Issue 180		U
src: A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of his deeds as its major theme as it explores the feats of women and the differences.
tar: 最近的一部戏剧以他事迹的挥之不去的芬芳为主题，探讨了女性的壮举和差异。
ref: 最近的一部戏剧以他事迹的挥之不去的芬芳为【…】主题，探讨了女性的壮举和差异。

Issue 181		U
src: A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of his deeds as its central focus as it explores the feats of women and the differences.
tar: 最近的一部戏剧以他事迹中挥之不去的芬芳为中心，探索女性的壮举和差异。
ref: 最近的一部戏剧以他事迹中挥之不去的芬芳为中心【焦点】，探索女性的壮举和差异。

Issue 182		U
src: A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of his deeds as its central point as it explores the feats of women and the differences.
tar: 最近的一部戏剧以他事迹中挥之不去的香味为中心，探索女性的壮举和差异。
ref: 最近的一部戏剧以他事迹中挥之不去的香味为中心【…】，探索女性的壮举和差异。

Issue 183		L
src: A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of his deeds as its central theme as it explores the feats of women and the arts.
tar: 最近的一部戏剧以他事迹中挥之不去的芬芳为中心主题，探索女性和艺术的壮举。
ref: 最近的一部戏剧以他事迹中挥之不去的芬芳为中心主题，探索「女性和艺术的壮举」。

Issue 184		W
src: We have captured a piece of history by telling the story of our lives during such an unusual time, and that gives this book meaning.
tar: 我们通过讲述这样一个不寻常时期的生活故事来捕捉一段历史，这赋予了这本书意义。
ref: 我们通过讲述这样一个不寻常时期的生活故事来「捕捉【记录】」一段历史，这赋予了这本书意义。

Issue 185		W
src: We have captured a piece of history by telling the story of our ancestors during such an unusual time, and that gives this book meaning.
tar: 我们通过讲述我们祖先在这样一个不寻常的时期的故事来捕捉一段历史，这赋予了这本书意义。

Issue 186		L; W
src: Prolific and prolific, he was known and loved for his hangdog expression, lugubrious personality and the often testy demeanour he gave to his characters.
tar: 他多产多产，以其吊死的表情、好色的个性和他赋予角色的经常暴躁的举止而闻名和喜爱。
ref: 他多产多产，以其「吊死」的表情、「好色」的个性和他赋予角色的经常暴躁的举止而闻名和【被】喜爱。

Issue 187		L; W
src: Prolific and prolific, he was known and loved for his hangdog expression, lugubrious style and the often testy demeanour he gave to his characters.
tar: 他多产多产，以其吊死的表情、华丽的风格和他赋予角色的经常暴躁的举止而闻名和喜爱。

Issue 188		L; W
src: Prolific and prolific, he was known and loved for his hangdog expression, lugubrious personality and the sometimes testy demeanour he gave to his characters.
tar: 他多产多产，以其吊死的表情、活泼的个性和有时给角色的暴躁举止而闻名和喜爱。

Issue 189		L; W
src: Prolific and prolific, he was known and loved for his hangdog expression, lugubrious personality and the often testy demeanour he gave to his colleagues.
tar: 他多产多产，以其吊死的表情、好色的个性和对同事经常暴躁的举止而闻名和喜爱。

Issue 190		L; W
src: Prolific and prolific, he was known and loved for his hangdog expression, lugubrious personality and the often testy demeanour he gave to his subjects.
tar: 他多产多产，以其吊死的表情、活泼的个性和对臣民的经常暴躁的举止而闻名和喜爱。

Issue 191		L; W
src: Prolific and prolific, he was known and loved for his hangdog expression, lugubrious personality and the often testy demeanour he gave to his works.
tar: 他多产多产，以其吊死的表情、好色的个性和对作品的经常暴躁的举止而闻名和喜爱。

Issue 192		L; W
src: Prolific and prolific, he was known and loved for his hangdog expression, lugubrious personality and the often testy demeanour he gave to his contemporaries.
tar: 他多产多产，以其吊死的表情、好色的个性和他给同时代人的经常暴躁的举止而闻名和喜爱。

Issue 193		W
src: At some point that month, during my last episode of going RV of the day, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 在那个月的某个时候，在我当天最后一次去房车时，我知道我会跌得太深。
ref: 在那个月的某个时候，在我当天「最后一次去房车时【在我当天最后一集的房车旅行期间】」，我知道我会跌得太深。

Issue 194		U; W
src: At some point that month, during my usual episode of going RV of the day, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 在那个月的某个时候，在我通常的房车期间，我知道我会跌得太深。
ref: 在那个月的某个时候，在我【…】「通常的房车」期间，我知道我会跌得太深。

Issue 195		W
src: At some point that month, during my typical episode of going RV of the day, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 在那个月的某个时候，在我当天去房车的典型情节中，我知道我会跌得太深了。
ref: 在那个月的某个时候，在我当天「去房车」的典型情节中，我知道我会跌得太深了。

Issue 196		W
src: At some point that month, during my last night of going RV of the day, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 在那个月的某个时候，在我白天去房车的最后一晚，我知道我会跌得太深。
ref: 在那个月的某个时候，在我「白天」「去房车」的最后一晚，我知道我会跌得太深。

Issue 197		W
src: At some point that month, during my last weekend of going RV of the day, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 在那个月的某个时候，在我当天去房车的最后一个周末，我知道我会跌得太深。

Issue 198		U; W
src: At some point that month, during my last month of going RV of the day, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 在那个月的某个时候，在我去房车的最后一个月，我知道我会跌得太深。
ref: 在那个月的某个时候，在我【当天】「去房车」的最后一个月，我知道我会跌得太深。

Issue 199		W
src: At some point that month, during my last episode of going RV of the year, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 在那个月的某个时候，在我今年的最后一集房车中，我知道我会跌得太深了。
ref: 在那个月的某个时候，在我今年的最后一集「房车中」，我知道我会跌得太深了。

Issue 200		W
src: At some point that month, during my last episode of going RV of the month, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 在那个月的某个时候，在我本月最后一集的房车中，我知道我会跌得太深了。

Issue 201		L
src: Illustrations for the reading materials, such as books and magazines, help readers of many ages better understand the content.
tar: 阅读材料的插图，如书籍和杂志，可以帮助许多年龄段的读者更好地理解内容。
ref: 阅读材料【，如书籍和杂志】的插图「，如书籍和杂志」，可以帮助许多年龄段的读者更好地理解内容。

Issue 202		L
src: Illustrations for the reading materials, such as books and magazines, help readers of many kinds better understand the content.
tar: 阅读材料的插图，如书籍和杂志，可以帮助多种读者更好地理解内容。

Issue 203		N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the trend by producing a TV commercial from the original video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball playoffs.
tar: TikTok利用这一趋势，根据原始视频及其仿冒品制作了电视广告，该广告在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。
ref: 「TikTok」利用这一趋势，根据原始视频及其仿冒品制作了电视广告，该广告在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。

Issue 204		N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the trend by producing a television commercial from the original video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball playoffs.
tar: TikTok利用这一趋势，根据原始视频及其仿冒品制作了电视广告，在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。

Issue 205		N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the trend by producing a TV program from the original video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball playoffs.
tar: TikTok利用这一趋势，根据原始视频及其仿冒品制作电视节目，在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。

Issue 206		N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the trend by producing a TV adaptation from the original video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball playoffs.
tar: TikTok 利用这一趋势，根据原始视频及其仿冒品制作了电视改编版，在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。

Issue 207		N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the trend by producing a TV broadcast from the original video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball playoffs.
tar: TikTok利用这一趋势，从原始视频及其仿冒品中制作电视广播，在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。

Issue 208		N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the trend by producing a TV commercial from the official video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball playoffs.
tar: TikTok利用这一趋势，根据官方视频及其仿冒品制作电视广告，在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。

Issue 209		N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the trend by producing a TV commercial from the original show and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball playoffs.
tar: TikTok 利用这一趋势，从原始节目及其仿冒品中制作电视广告，在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。

Issue 210		N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the trend by producing a TV commercial from the original video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Soccer playoffs.
tar: TikTok利用这一趋势，根据原始视频及其仿冒品制作电视广告，在美国职业足球大联盟季后赛期间播出。

Issue 211		N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the trend by producing a TV commercial from the original video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball games.
tar: TikTok利用这一趋势，根据原始视频及其仿冒品制作电视广告，在美国职业棒球大联盟比赛期间播出。

Issue 212		N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the trend by producing a TV commercial from the original video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball seasons.
tar: TikTok利用这一趋势，根据原始视频及其仿冒品制作电视广告，在美国职业棒球大联盟赛季播出。
ref: 「TikTok」利用这一趋势，根据原始视频及其仿冒品制作电视广告，在美国职业棒球大联盟赛季播出。

Issue 213		U
src: China Time Corporate released a White Book of 2020 Chinese Online Literature Going Global during the First Shanghai International Online Literature Week.
tar: 《时代周》发布《2020中国网络文学走出去》白皮书。
ref: 《时代周》【…】发布《2020中国网络文学走出去》白皮书。

Issue 214		U
src: China Literature Corporate released a White Book of 2020 Chinese Online Literature Going Global during the First Annual International Online Literature Week.
tar: 阅文集团在首届国际网络文学周期间发布了《2020中国网络文学走出去》白皮书。
ref: 阅文集团在首届国际【年度】网络文学周期间发布了《2020中国网络文学走出去》白皮书。

Issue 215		W
src: Now we think that's because she quit to pursue a relationship with Moss, a former professional football player who broke her heart from the start.
tar: 现在我们认为这是因为她辞职是为了追求与莫斯的关系，莫斯是一名前职业足球运动员，从一开始就伤透了她的心。
ref: 现在我们认为这是因为她「辞职是为了」【放弃】追求与莫斯的关系，莫斯是一名前职业足球运动员，从一开始就伤透了她的心。

Issue 216		W
src: Now we think that's because she quit to pursue a relationship with Moss, a former professional football player who broke her heart from the inside.
tar: 现在我们认为这是因为她辞职是为了追求与莫斯的关系，莫斯是一名前职业足球运动员，从内心伤透了她的心。

Issue 217		U
src: For this reason sculptor Wu Weishan has centered his work around depicting prominent figures in Chinese history, especially the military, for several centuries.
tar: 出于这个原因，雕塑家吴玮山几个世纪以来一直围绕着描绘中国历史上的杰出人物，尤其是军队。
ref: 出于这个原因，雕塑家吴玮山几个世纪以来【的工作】一直围绕着描绘中国历史上的杰出人物，尤其是军队。

Issue 218		U
src: For this reason sculptor Wu Weishan has centered his work around depicting prominent figures in Chinese history, especially the Chinese, for several centuries.
tar: 出于这个原因，雕塑家吴维山几个世纪以来一直以描绘中国历史上的杰出人物，尤其是中国人为中心。
ref: 出于这个原因，雕塑家吴维山几个世纪以来【…】一直以描绘中国历史上的杰出人物，尤其是中国人为中心。

Issue 219		O
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 具有地方特色的新住宅从地面拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，平坦宽阔的道路延伸至远处，充满生机的农田随着大型机械的活动而嗡嗡作响。
ref: 具有地方特色的新住宅「从地面」拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，平坦宽阔的道路延伸至远处，充满生机的农田随着大型机械的活动而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 220		L
src: New villages with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 具有地方特色的新村庄拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，平坦宽阔的道路延伸远，充满生机的农田嗡嗡作响，大型机械活动。
ref: 具有地方特色的新村庄拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，平坦宽阔的道路延伸远，充满生机的农田「嗡嗡作响，大型机械活动」。

Issue 221		O
src: New cities with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 具有地方特色的新城市从地面拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，平坦宽阔的道路延伸远，充满生机的农田随着大型机械的活动而嗡嗡作响。
ref: 具有地方特色的新城市「从地面」拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，平坦宽阔的道路延伸远，充满生机的农田随着大型机械的活动而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 222		O
src: New residences with unique features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 特色鲜明的新住宅从地面拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，平坦宽阔的道路延伸远，充满生机的农田随着大型机械的活动而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 223		O
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, historic towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 具有当地特色的新住宅从地面拔地而起，历史悠久的城镇屹立不倒，平坦而宽阔的道路延伸得很远，充满生机的农田随着大型机械的活动而嗡嗡作响。
ref: 具有当地特色的新住宅「从地面」拔地而起，历史悠久的城镇屹立不倒，平坦而宽阔的道路延伸得很远，充满生机的农田随着大型机械的活动而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 224		O; W
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern factories stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 具有当地特色的新住宅从地面拔地而起，现代化的工厂高大上屹立，平坦宽阔的道路延伸远处，充满生机的农田随着大型机械的活动而嗡嗡作响。
ref: 具有当地特色的新住宅「从地面」拔地而起，现代化的工厂「高大上屹立」，平坦宽阔的道路延伸远处，充满生机的农田随着大型机械的活动而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 225		O
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, long and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 具有当地特色的新住宅从地面拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，长而宽的道路延伸得很远，充满生机的农田随着大型机械的活动而嗡嗡作响。
ref: 具有当地特色的新住宅「从地面」拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，长而宽的道路延伸得很远，充满生机的农田随着大型机械的活动而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 226		L; O; U
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, wide and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 具有地方特色的新住宅从地面拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，宽阔的道路延伸得很远，充满生机的农田嗡嗡作响，大型机械活动。
ref: 具有地方特色的新住宅「从地面」拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，宽阔【而宽阔】的道路延伸得很远，充满生机的农田「嗡嗡作响，大型机械活动」。

Issue 227		L; U
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, broad and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，宽阔的道路延伸得很远，充满生机的农田嗡嗡作响，大型机械活动。
ref: 具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，【宽广】宽阔的道路延伸得很远，充满生机的农田「嗡嗡作响，大型机械活动」。

Issue 228		L
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, short and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 具有地方特色的新住宅从地面拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，短而宽的道路延伸得很远，充满生机的农田嗡嗡作响，大型机械活动。
ref: 具有地方特色的新住宅「从地面」拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，短而宽的道路延伸得很远，充满生机的农田「嗡嗡作响，大型机械活动」。

Issue 229		O
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, deep and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 具有地方特色的新住宅从地面拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，深而宽的道路延伸得很远，充满生机的农田随着大型机械的活动而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 230		L; O
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, small and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 具有地方特色的新住宅从地面拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，小而宽的道路延伸得很远，充满生机的农田嗡嗡作响，大型机械活动。

Issue 231		O
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and old roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 具有地方特色的新住宅从地面拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，平坦而古老的道路延伸得很远，充满生机的农田随着大型机械的活动而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 232		L; O; U
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life pulse with activity of large machinery.
tar: 具有地方特色的新住宅从地面拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，平坦宽阔的道路延伸远，农田充满生机，大型机械活动。
ref: 具有地方特色的新住宅「从地面」拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，平坦宽阔的道路延伸远，「农田充满生机，大型机械活动【…】」。

Issue 233		L; O; U
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life boom with activity of large machinery.
tar: 具有地方特色的新住宅从地面拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，平坦宽阔的道路延伸远处，农田充满生机，大型机械活动。

Issue 234		O
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of agricultural machinery.
tar: 具有地方特色的新住宅从地面拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，平坦宽阔的道路延伸远处，充满生机的农田因农业机械活动而嗡嗡作响。
ref: 具有地方特色的新住宅「从地面」拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，平坦宽阔的道路延伸远处，充满生机的农田因农业机械活动而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 235		O
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of huge machinery.
tar: 具有地方特色的新住宅从地面拔地而起，现代城镇屹立不倒，平坦宽阔的道路延伸远处，充满生机的农田随着巨大的机械活动而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 236		N; W
src: However, the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir to help protect the murals and statues, according to Lu Xiushan with the Wuwei Tianti Mountain Grottoes protection research center.
tar: 然而，当地政府计划排干水库的水，以帮助保护壁画和雕像，武威天安蒂山石窟保护研究中心的卢秀山说。
ref: 然而，当地政府计划排干水库的水，以帮助保护壁画和雕像，【据】武威「天安蒂山【天梯山】」石窟保护研究中心的卢秀山说。

Issue 237		N; W
src: However, the local government plans to drain the water in the cave to help protect the murals and statues, according to Lu Xiushan with the Wuwei Tianti Mountain Grottoes protection research center.
tar: 然而，当地政府计划排干洞穴中的水，以帮助保护壁画和雕像，武威天安蒂山窟保护研究中心的卢秀山说。
ref: 然而，当地政府计划排干洞穴中的水，以帮助保护壁画和雕像，【…】武威「天安蒂山窟」保护研究中心的卢秀山说。

Issue 238		N; W
src: However, the local government plans to drain the water in the spring to help protect the murals and statues, according to Lu Xiushan with the Wuwei Tianti Mountain Grottoes protection research center.
tar: 然而，当地政府计划在春季排干水，以帮助保护壁画和雕像，武威天安蒂山洞保护研究中心的卢秀山说。

Issue 239		N; W
src: However, the local government plans to drain the water in the valley to help protect the murals and statues, according to Lu Xiushan with the Wuwei Tianti Mountain Grottoes protection research center.
tar: 然而，当地政府计划排干山谷中的水，以帮助保护壁画和雕像，武威天安蒂山石窟保护研究中心的卢秀山说。

Issue 240		N
src: However, the local government plans to drain the water in the gorge to help protect the murals and statues, according to Lu Xiushan with the Wuwei Tianti Mountain Grottoes protection research center.
tar: 然而，当地政府计划排干峡谷中的水，以帮助保护壁画和雕像，据武威天安蒂山石窟保护研究中心的陆秀山说。

Issue 241		N
src: However, the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir to help protect the murals and statues, according to Lu Xiushan with the Wuwei Tianti Mountain Grottoes protection research program.
tar: 然而，当地政府计划排干水库的水，以帮助保护壁画和雕像，根据武威天安蒂山石窟保护研究计划的陆秀山。

Issue 242		U; W
src: Moonbase 8 is about three guys in what amounts to quarantine, which adds an unexpectedly big wrinkle.
tar: Moonbase 8是关于三个人被隔离，这增加了一个意想不到的大皱纹。
ref: 「Moonbase 8」是关于三个人「被隔离【在相当于被隔离的情况下】」，这增加了一个意想不到的大「皱纹【难题】」。

Issue 243		U; W
src: Moonbase 8 is about seven guys in what amounts to quarantine, which adds an unexpectedly big wrinkle.
tar: 月球基地8号大约有七个人被隔离，这增加了一个意想不到的大皱纹。
ref: 月球基地8号「大约有七个人被隔离」，这增加了一个意想不到的大「皱纹」。

Issue 244		W
src: Moonbase 8 is about three hours in what amounts to quarantine, which adds an unexpectedly big wrinkle.
tar: 月球基地8号大约需要三个小时，相当于隔离，这增加了一个意想不到的大皱纹。
ref: 月球基地8号「大约需要三个小时」，相当于隔离，这增加了一个意想不到的大「皱纹」。

Issue 245		W
src: Moonbase 8 is about three miles in what amounts to quarantine, which adds an unexpectedly big wrinkle.
tar: 月球基地8号大约三英里，相当于隔离，这增加了一个意想不到的大皱纹。

Issue 246		U; W
src: Moonbase 8 is about three guys in what amounts to quarantine, which adds an especially big wrinkle.
tar: Moonbase 8是关于三个人，相当于隔离，这增加了一个特别大的皱纹。

Issue 247		N; U
src: In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with passion and puts much effort into preparing her very effective talks.
tar: 在与她共事的张洛薇眼中，陈淑娴热情地对待自己的工作，并投入了大量精力准备她非常有效的演讲。
ref: 在【曾】与她共事的张洛薇眼中，「陈淑娴」热情地对待自己的工作，并投入了大量精力准备她非常有效的演讲。

Issue 248		N; U
src: In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with confidence and puts much effort into preparing her very effective talks.
tar: 在与她共事的张洛薇眼中，陈光诚对自己的工作充满信心，并投入了大量精力准备她非常有效的会谈。
ref: 在【…】与她共事的张洛薇眼中，「陈光诚」对自己的工作充满信心，并投入了大量精力准备她非常有效的会谈。

Issue 249		N; O; U
src: In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with care and puts much effort into preparing her very effective talks.
tar: 在与她共事的张洛薇眼中，陈寅恪对待自己的工作非常谨慎，并投入了大量精力准备她非常有效的会谈。
ref: 在【…】与她共事的张洛薇眼中，「陈寅恪」对待自己的工作「非常」谨慎，并投入了大量精力准备她非常有效的会谈。

Issue 250		N; O; U
src: In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with dignity and puts much effort into preparing her very effective talks.
tar: 在与她共事的张珞薇眼中，陈光诚对待自己的工作很有尊严，并投入了大量精力准备她非常有效的谈话。
ref: 在【…】与她共事的张珞薇眼中，「陈光诚」对待自己的工作「很有」尊严，并投入了大量精力准备她非常有效的谈话。

Issue 251		N; U
src: In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with passion and puts great effort into preparing her very effective talks.
tar: 在与她共事的张洛薇眼中，陈淑娴热情地对待自己的工作，并努力准备她非常有效的演讲。
ref: 在【…】与她共事的张洛薇眼中，「陈淑娴」热情地对待自己的工作，并【非常】努力准备她非常有效的演讲。

Issue 252		N; U
src: In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with passion and puts considerable effort into preparing her very effective talks.
tar: 在与她共事的张洛薇眼中，陈淳以热情对待自己的工作，并投入了相当大的精力来准备她非常有效的演讲。

Issue 253		N; U
src: In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with passion and puts much care into preparing her very effective talks.
tar: 在与她共事的张洛薇眼中，陈淑娴热情地对待自己的工作，并非常小心地准备她非常有效的演讲。

Issue 254		N; U
src: In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with passion and puts much effort into preparing her very first talks.
tar: 在与她共事的张洛薇眼中，陈淑娴热情地对待自己的工作，并投入了大量精力准备她的第一次演讲。

Issue 255		L
src: In the end, the locals agree to work with her in growing tea and selling the products on e-commerce platforms, which leads the village out of poverty.
tar: 最后，当地人同意与她合作种植茶叶，并在电子商务平台上销售产品，使该村摆脱了贫困。
ref: 最后，当地人同意与她合作种植茶叶，并在电子商务平台上销售产品，【这/从而】使该村摆脱了贫困。

Issue 256		L
src: In the end, the people agree to work with her in growing tea and selling the products on e-commerce platforms, which leads the village out of poverty.
tar: 最后，老百姓同意和她一起种植茶叶，在电商平台上销售产品，带领村里脱贫。
ref: 最后，老百姓同意和她一起种植茶叶，在电商平台上销售产品，【这/从而】带领村里脱贫。

Issue 257		L; W
src: Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch prestige sports.
tar: 通常，我看很多电视来报道体育，尤其是在艾美奖季，那时我有一长串必看的声望体育节目。
ref: 通常，我【为我的体育(方面的)工作】看很多电视「来报道体育」，尤其是在艾美奖季，那时我有一长串必看的「声望【知名】」体育节目。

Issue 258		L; W
src: Fortunately, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch prestige sports.
tar: 幸运的是，我看了很多电视来报道体育，尤其是在艾美奖季，当时我有一长串必看的声望体育节目。

Issue 259		L; W
src: Still, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch prestige sports.
tar: 尽管如此，我还是会看很多电视来报道体育赛事，尤其是在艾美奖季，那时我有一长串必看的声望体育节目。

Issue 260		L; W
src: Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my time covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch prestige sports.
tar: 通常，我在报道体育赛事时会看很多电视，尤其是在艾美奖季，那时我有一长串必看的声望体育节目。

Issue 261		W
src: Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my column covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch prestige sports.
tar: 通常，我会为我的体育专栏看很多电视，尤其是在艾美奖季，当我有一长串必看的声望体育节目时。

Issue 262		L; W
src: Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy rotation of must-watch prestige sports.
tar: 通常，我看大量的电视来报道体育，尤其是在艾美奖季，当我有很长的必看声望体育轮换时。

Issue 263		L
src: Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch local sports.
tar: 通常，我看很多电视来报道体育，尤其是在艾美奖季，当我有一长串必看的当地体育节目时。

Issue 264		U
src: It’s a way of portraying these nations as forces for good in the world, rather than necessarily interrogating the parts of the history which makes them something very different.
tar: 这是一种将这些国家描绘成世界上向善的力量的方式，而不是一定要质疑历史中使它们与众不同的部分。
ref: 这是一种将这些国家描绘成世界上向善的力量的方式，而不是一定要质疑历史中使它们【非常】与众不同的部分。

Issue 265		L
src: It’s a way of portraying these nations as forces for good in the world, rather than necessarily interrogating the facts of the history which makes them something very different.
tar: 这是一种将这些国家描绘成世界上向善的力量的方式，而不是一定要质疑历史事实，这使它们变得非常不同。
ref: 这是一种将这些国家描绘成世界上向善的力量的方式，而不是一定要质疑「历史事实，这使它们变得非常不同【使它们变得非常不同的 历史事实】」。

Issue 266		L
src: It’s a way of portraying these nations as forces for good in the world, rather than necessarily interrogating the events of the history which makes them something very different.
tar: 这是一种将这些国家描绘成世界上向善的力量的方式，而不是一定要质疑历史事件，这使它们变得非常不同。

Issue 267		L
src: It’s a way of portraying these nations as forces for good in the world, rather than necessarily interrogating the elements of the history which makes them something very different.
tar: 这是一种将这些国家描绘成世界上向善的力量的方式，而不是一定要质疑历史的元素，这使它们变得非常不同。

Issue 268		L
src: It’s a way of portraying these nations as forces for good in the world, rather than necessarily interrogating the parts of the country which makes them something very different.
tar: 这是一种将这些国家描绘成世界上向善的力量的方式，而不是一定要质疑这个国家的部分，这使它们变得非常不同。

Issue 269		L
src: It’s a way of portraying these nations as forces for good in the world, rather than necessarily interrogating the parts of the nation which makes them something very different.
tar: 这是一种将这些国家描绘成世界上向善的力量的方式，而不是一定要质疑这个国家的某些部分，这使它们变得非常不同。

Issue 270		U
src: Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this time in wake of Christy's departure, as will Bonnie's own feelings about being an empty nester.
tar: 在克里斯蒂离开后，邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系这次将得到进一步探讨，邦妮自己对空巢老人的感受也将得到进一步探讨。
ref: 在克里斯蒂离开后，邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系这次将得到进一步探讨，邦妮自己对【成为】空巢老人的感受也将得到进一步探讨。

Issue 271		U
src: Christy and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this time in wake of Christy's departure, as will Bonnie's own feelings about being an empty nester.
tar: 克里斯蒂和丈夫亚当的关系将在克里斯蒂离开后进一步探讨，邦妮自己对空巢老人的感受也将进一步探讨。
ref: 【这次，】克里斯蒂和丈夫亚当的关系将在克里斯蒂离开后进一步探讨，邦妮自己对空巢老人的感受也将进一步探讨。

Issue 272		U
src: Claire and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this time in wake of Christy's departure, as will Bonnie's own feelings about being an empty nester.
tar: 克莱尔和丈夫亚当的关系将在克里斯蒂离开后进一步探讨，邦妮自己对空巢老人的感受也将进一步探讨。

Issue 273		U
src: Bonnie and Husband Adam's relationship will be further explored this time in wake of Bonnie's departure, as will Bonnie's own feelings about being an empty nester.
tar: 邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将在邦妮离开后进一步探讨，邦妮自己对空巢老人的感受也将进一步探讨。
ref: 【…】邦妮和丈夫亚当的关系将在邦妮离开后进一步探讨，邦妮自己对【…】空巢老人的感受也将进一步探讨。

Issue 274		U
src: The director not only focuses on the crime, but also displays the light and dark side of humanity, primarily through a dialogue between the protagonist and his fellow schoolmate.
tar: 导演不仅聚焦犯罪，还主要通过主角和同学的对话，展现了人性的光明与黑暗面。
ref: 导演不仅聚焦犯罪，还主要通过主角和【同类】同学的对话，展现了人性的光明与黑暗面。

Issue 275		O; U
src: Most industry insiders interviewed by China daily say the Chinese film industry is recovering better and faster than they had estimated, thanks to the government's efficient control of COVID-19.
tar: 接受《中国日报》采访的大多数业内人士表示，由于政府对COVID-19的有效控制，中国电影业的复苏速度比他们估计的更好、更快。
ref: 接受《中国日报》采访的大多数业内人士表示，由于政府对「COVID-19」的有效控制，中国电影业「的复苏速度比他们估计的更好、更快【正 比他们曾估计的 更好更快地 复苏】」。

Issue 276		O; U
src: Most industry insiders interviewed by China daily say the Chinese film industry is recovering better and faster than they had estimated, thanks to the government's new control of COVID-19.
tar: 接受《中国日报》采访的大多数业内人士表示，由于政府对COVID-19的新控制，中国电影业的复苏速度比他们估计的要好、更快。

Issue 277		U
src: Due to the unique rock formation and its rock mass composed of sandstones and conglomerates, the grottoes can easily crack and flake, compounding the restoration difficulties.
tar: 由于石窟独特的岩层及其由砂岩和砾岩组成的岩体，石窟容易开裂和剥落，增加了修复的难度。
ref: 由于石窟独特的岩层【构造】及其由砂岩和砾岩组成的岩体，石窟容易开裂和剥落，增加了修复的难度。

Issue 278		U
src: Due to the unique mountain range and its rock mass composed of sandstones and conglomerates, the grottoes can easily crack and flake, compounding the restoration difficulties.
tar: 由于独特的山脉及其由砂岩和砾岩组成的岩体，石窟容易开裂和剥落，增加了修复的难度。
ref: 由于独特的山脉【构造】及其由砂岩和砾岩组成的岩体，石窟容易开裂和剥落，增加了修复的难度。

Issue 279		W
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 在今后五年内，将建立一个充满活力的保护制度，以便在公众的积极参与下，使国家和地方政府部门能够密切合作。
ref: 在今后五年内，将建立一个「充满活力的【动态的】」保护制度，以便在公众的积极参与下，使国家和地方政府部门能够密切合作。

Issue 280		W
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable effective cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 在今后五年内，将建立一个充满活力的保护制度，以便在公众的积极参与下，使国家和地方政府部门能够进行有效合作。
ref: 在今后五年内，将建立一个「充满活力【动态】」的保护制度，以便在公众的积极参与下，使国家和地方政府部门能够进行有效合作。

Issue 281		W
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable efficient cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 在今后五年内，将建立一个充满活力的保护制度，以便在公众的积极参与下，使国家和地方政府部门能够进行有效的合作。

Issue 282		W
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable international cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 在今后五年内，将建立一个充满活力的保护制度，以便在公众的积极参与下，使国家和地方政府部门能够开展国际合作。

Issue 283		W
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and municipal government departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 在今后五年内，将建立一个充满活力的保护系统，以便在公众的积极参与下，使国家和市政府部门之间能够密切合作。

Issue 284		W
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local government departments with full participation of the public.
tar: 在今后五年内，将建立一个充满活力的保护制度，使国家和地方政府部门能够在公众的充分参与下密切合作。

Issue 285		W
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the government.
tar: 在今后五年内，将建立一个充满活力的保护系统，以便在政府的积极参与下，国家和地方政府部门之间能够密切合作。

Issue 286		N; U
src: The restoration work on relocated frescos and colored glass from the Tianti Mountain Grottoes, some of China's best, has been completed local authorities day on Friday.
tar: 中国最好的天提山石窟的壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已于周五完成。
ref: 中国最好的「天提山」石窟的【重新安置/迁移的】壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已于周五【地方当局日】完成。

Issue 287		N; U
src: The renovation work on relocated frescos and colored glass from the Tianti Mountain Grottoes, some of China's best, has been completed local authorities day on Friday.
tar: 中国最好的天提山石窟（Tianti Mountain Grottoes）搬迁的壁画和彩色玻璃的翻新工作已于周五完成。
ref: 中国最好的「天提山」石窟（Tianti Mountain Grottoes）搬迁的壁画和彩色玻璃的翻新工作已于周五【…】完成。

Issue 288		N; U
src: The repair work on relocated frescos and colored glass from the Tianti Mountain Grottoes, some of China's best, has been completed local authorities day on Friday.
tar: 中国最好的天提山石窟（Tianti Mountain Grottoes）搬迁的壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已于周五完成。

Issue 289		N; U
src: The restoration work on ancient frescos and colored glass from the Tianti Mountain Grottoes, some of China's best, has been completed local authorities day on Friday.
tar: 中国最好的天提山石窟的古代壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已于周五完成。

Issue 290		N; U
src: The restoration work on relocated frescos and colored marble from the Tianti Mountain Grottoes, some of China's best, has been completed local authorities day on Friday.
tar: 中国最好的天提山石窟（Tianti Mountain Grottoes）重新安置的壁画和彩色大理石的修复工作已于周五完成。

Issue 291		L; N; U
src: The restoration work on relocated frescos and colored glass from the Tianti Mountain Grottoes, some of Beijing's best, has been completed local authorities day on Friday.
tar: 来自天提山石窟的壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作，其中一些是北京最好的，已于周五完成地方当局的一天。
ref: 【北京最好的】来自「天提山」石窟的【重新安置/迁移的】壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作，「其中一些是北京最好的}，已于周五完成「地方当局的一天」。

Issue 292		L; N; U
src: The restoration work on relocated frescos and colored glass from the Tianti Mountain Grottoes, some of Taipei's best, has been completed local authorities day on Friday.
tar: 来自天提山石窟的壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作，是台北最好的一些，已于周五完成地方当局的一天。

Issue 293		L; N; U
src: The restoration work on relocated frescos and colored glass from the Tianti Mountain Grottoes, some of Asia's best, has been completed local authorities day on Friday.
tar: 来自亚洲最好的Tianti Mountain Grottoes的壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已于周五完成地方当局的一天。

Issue 294		N; O; U
src: The restoration work on relocated frescos and colored glass from the Tianti Mountain Grottoes, some of China's oldest, has been completed local authorities day on Friday.
tar: 中国最古老的天提山石窟（中国最古老的石窟之一）搬迁的壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已于周五完成。
ref: 中国「最古老的天提山石窟（中国最古老的石窟之一）」搬迁的壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已于周五【…】完成。

Issue 295		N; O; U
src: The restoration work on relocated frescos and colored glass from the Tianti Mountain Grottoes, some of China's best, has been completed local authorities day on Sunday.
tar: 中国最好的天提山石窟（一些中国最好的）搬迁壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已于周日完成。

Issue 296		N; U
src: The restoration work on relocated frescos and colored glass from the Tianti Mountain Grottoes, some of China's best, has been completed local authorities day on Sundays.
tar: 中国最好的天提山石窟的壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已经完成。

Issue 297		N; O; U
src: The restoration work on relocated frescos and colored glass from the Tianti Mountain Grottoes, some of China's best, has been completed local authorities day on Monday.
tar: 中国最好的天提山石窟（中国最好的一些）搬迁壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已于周一完成。

Issue 298		N; U
src: The restoration work on relocated frescos and colored glass from the Tianti Mountain Grottoes, some of China's best, has been completed local authorities day on Thursday.
tar: 中国最好的天提山石窟（Tianti Mountain Grottoes）搬迁的壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已于周四完成。

Issue 299		N; U
src: The restoration work on relocated frescos and colored glass from the Tianti Mountain Grottoes, some of China's best, has been completed local authorities day on Saturdays.
tar: 中国最好的天提山石窟的壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已经完成。

Issue 300		U
src: She became the first Bachelorette to find love so fast that she didn't even finish her season of the show, and now she and contestant dale moss are engaged.
tar: 她成为第一个找到爱情的单身女郎，以至于她甚至没有完成她的节目季，现在她和参赛者戴尔·莫斯订婚了。
ref: 她成为第一个【如此迅速地】找到爱情的单身女郎，以至于她甚至没有完成她的节目季，现在她和参赛者戴尔·莫斯订婚了。

Issue 301		L
src: She became the first Bachelorette to find love so deeply that she didn't even finish her season of the show, and now she and contestant dale moss are engaged.
tar: 她成为第一个找到如此深刻爱情的单身女郎，以至于她甚至没有完成她的节目季，现在她和参赛者戴尔·莫斯订婚了。
ref: 她成为第一个【如此深刻地】找到「如此深刻」爱情的单身女郎，以至于她甚至没有完成她的节目季，现在她和参赛者戴尔·莫斯订婚了。

Issue 302		L
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 展出的将是三位大师级艺术家的作品，以彰显他们挑战僵化的学术规则和实验精神的勇气，将一种历史悠久的艺术形式带入一个新时代。
ref: 展出的将是三位大师级艺术家的作品，以彰显他们挑战僵化的学术规则【的勇气】和实验精神「的勇气」，将一种历史悠久的艺术形式带入一个新时代。

Issue 303		L
src: On view will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 展出三位大师级艺术家的作品，以彰显他们挑战僵化的学术规则和实验精神的勇气，将一种悠久的艺术形式带入一个新时代。

Issue 304		L
src: On show will be works by the two master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 展出两位大师级艺术家的作品，以彰显他们挑战僵化的学术规则和实验精神的勇气，将一种悠久的艺术形式带入一个新时代。

Issue 305		L
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge traditional academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 三位大师级艺术家的作品将展出，以彰显他们挑战传统学术规则和实验精神的勇气，将悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 306		L
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid social rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 展出的将是三位大师级艺术家的作品，以彰显他们挑战僵化社会规则和实验精神的勇气，将一种悠久的艺术形式带入一个新时代。

Issue 307		L
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic boundaries and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 展出的将是三位大师级艺术家的作品，以彰显他们挑战僵化的学术界限和实验精神的勇气，将一种悠久的艺术形式带入一个新时代。

Issue 308		L
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of education into a new era.
tar: 展出三位大师级艺术家的作品，以彰显他们挑战僵化的学术规则和实验精神的勇气，将悠久的教育形式带入新时代。

Issue 309		L
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of scholarship into a new era.
tar: 展出的将是三位大师级艺术家的作品，以彰显他们挑战僵化的学术规则和实验精神的勇气，将悠久的学术形式带入新时代。

Issue 310		L
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of creativity into a new era.
tar: 展出的将是三位大师级艺术家的作品，以彰显他们挑战僵化的学术规则和实验精神的勇气，将一种长期存在的创作形式带入一个新时代。

Issue 311		L
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new century.
tar: 展出的将是三位大师级艺术家的作品，以彰显他们挑战僵化的学术规则和实验精神的勇气，将一种悠久的艺术形式带入新世纪。

Issue 312		L
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new world.
tar: 展出三位大师级艺术家的作品，以彰显他们挑战僵化的学术规则和实验精神的勇气，将一种悠久的艺术形式带入一个新的世界。

Issue 313		L
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new life.
tar: 展出的将是三位大师级艺术家的作品，以彰显他们挑战僵化的学术规则和实验精神的勇气，将一种悠久的艺术形式带入新的生活。

Issue 314		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布了一项计划，与流行的移动应用程序Dragonfly FM合作，为三至四岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖文学和英语语言。
ref: 牛津大学出版社宣布了一项计划，与流行的移动应用程序「Dragonfly FM」合作，为三至四岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖文学和英语语言。

Issue 315		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a commitment to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布承诺与流行的移动应用程序Dragonfly FM合作，为三至四岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖文学和英语语言。

Issue 316		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a decision to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布决定与流行的移动应用程序Dragonfly FM合作，为三至四岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖文学和英语语言。

Issue 317		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the digital mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与数字移动应用程序Dragonfly FM合作，为三至四岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖文学和英语语言。

Issue 318		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the mobile mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与移动移动应用程序Dragonfly FM合作，为三至四岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖文学和英语语言。

Issue 319		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the British mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与英国移动应用程序Dragonfly FM合作，为三至四岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖文学和英语语言。

Issue 320		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the educational mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与教育移动应用程序Dragonfly FM合作，为三至四岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖文学和英语语言。

Issue 321		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile service Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动服务Dragonfly FM合作，为三至四岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖文学和英语语言。

Issue 322		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile platform Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动平台Dragonfly FM合作，为三至四岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖文学和英语语言。

Issue 323		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile website Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动网站Dragonfly FM合作，为三至四岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖文学和英语语言。

Issue 324		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly Radio to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动应用程序Dragonfly Radio合作，为三至四岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖文学和英语语言。

Issue 325		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English language lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布了一项计划，与流行的移动应用程序Dragonfly FM合作，为三至四岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语课程，涵盖文学和英语语言。

Issue 326		L
src: Due to the popularization of English magazines for preschool children, Guo believes that the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly in the next three years.
tar: 由于英文杂志面向学龄前儿童的普及，郭认为，未来三年他们的英文杂志的订阅人数将大幅增加。
ref: 由于【(面向)学龄前儿童的】英文杂志「面向学龄前儿童的」普及，郭认为，未来三年他们的英文杂志的订阅人数将大幅增加。

Issue 327		L
src: Due to the popularization of English comics for preschool children, Guo believes that the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly in the next three years.
tar: 由于英语漫画在学龄前儿童的普及，郭认为未来三年他们的英语杂志的订阅者数量将大幅增加。
ref: 由于英语漫画「在学龄前儿童的」普及，郭认为未来三年他们的英语杂志的订阅者数量将大幅增加。

Issue 328		L
src: Due to the popularization of English magazines for preschool students, Guo believes that the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly in the next three years.
tar: 由于英语杂志在学龄前儿童的普及，郭认为，未来三年他们的英语杂志的订阅者数量将大幅增加。

Issue 329		L
src: Due to the popularization of English magazines for preschool children, Guo believes that the number of subscribers to their English magazines will rise significantly in the next three decades.
tar: 由于英文杂志在学龄前儿童的普及，郭认为，未来三十年，他们的英文杂志的订阅人数将大幅增加。
ref: 由于英文杂志「在学龄前儿童」的普及，郭认为，未来三十年，他们的英文杂志的订阅人数将大幅增加。

Issue 330		W
src: Parents are driving the sales of the translated English books and magazines as they consider the readings not only a science education but a way to teach English, according to Guo.
tar: 郭说，家长们正在推动翻译英文书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们认为这些阅读不仅是科学教育，而且是一种英语教学方式。
ref: 郭说，家长们正在推动「翻译【翻译/译制的】」英文书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们认为「这些」阅读不仅是科学教育，而且是一种英语教学方式。

Issue 331		W
src: Parents are driving the sales of the scientific English books and magazines as they consider the readings not only a science education but a way to teach English, according to Guo.
tar: 郭说，家长们正在推动科学英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们认为这些阅读材料不仅是一种科学教育，而且是一种英语教学方式。
ref: 郭说，家长们正在推动科学英语书籍和杂志的销售，因为他们认为「这些阅读材料」不仅是一种科学教育，而且是一种英语教学方式。

Issue 332		W
src: Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and translations as they consider the readings not only a science education but a way to teach English, according to Guo.
tar: 郭说，家长们正在推动英文原版书籍和翻译的销售，因为他们认为这些阅读材料不仅是一种科学教育，而且是一种英语教学方式。

Issue 333		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她所在学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈已经克服了困难，进入了当代艺术界，成为了UCCA的教授，参观者经常点名。
ref: 虽然她所在学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈已经克服了困难，进入了当代艺术界，成为了【参观者经常点名要求的】「UCCA」的教授「，参观者经常点名」。

Issue 334		L; N; U
src: While some students at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她所在学校的一些学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈奕迅克服了困难，进入了当代艺术界，成为了UCCA的教授，参观者经常点名。
ref: 虽然她所在学校的一些学生被新移民抛在了后面，但「陈奕迅」克服了困难，进入了当代艺术界，成为了【…】「UCCA」的教授「，参观者经常点名」。

Issue 335		L; N; W
src: While some seniors at her university have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她所在大学的一些大四学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈女士克服了困难，进入了当代艺术界，成为了UCCA的教授，参观者经常点名道姓。

Issue 336		L; N; W
src: While some seniors at her class have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然班上的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈奕迅克服了困难，进入了当代艺术界，成为了UCCA的教授，参观者经常点名道姓。

Issue 337		L; N; U
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by fellow immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她所在学校的一些高年级学生被移民抛在了后面，但陈已经克服了困难，进入了当代艺术界，成为UCCA的教授，参观者经常点名。

Issue 338		L; N; U
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by Asian immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她所在学校的一些高年级学生被亚洲移民抛在了后面，但陈女士克服了困难，进入了当代艺术界，成为UCCA的教授，参观者经常点名。

Issue 339		L; N; W
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new parents, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她所在学校的一些高年级学生被新父母抛在了后面，但陈奕迅克服了困难，进入了当代艺术界，成为了UCCA的教授，参观者经常点名道姓。

Issue 340		L; N; W
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of Chinese art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈奕迅克服了困难，进入了中国艺术界，成为了UCCA的教授，参观者经常点名道姓。

Issue 341		L; N; W
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a teacher at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她所在学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈女士克服了困难，进入了当代艺术界，成为了UCCA的一名老师，参观者经常点名道姓。

Issue 342		L; N; U
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that women often request by name.
tar: 虽然她所在学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈女士克服了困难，进入了当代艺术界，成为了UCCA的教授，女性经常点名。

Issue 343		L; N; U
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by invitation.
tar: 虽然她所在学校的一些高年级学生被新移民甩在了后面，但陈奕迅克服了进入当代艺术世界的困难，成为UCCA的教授，参观者经常邀请她。

Issue 344		N
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行今年的第一首新单曲时，Chan想分享他对受艾滋病爆发影响的经历的感受，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。
ref: 当他决定发行今年的第一首新单曲时，「Chan」想分享他对受艾滋病爆发影响的经历的感受，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 345		N
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this album, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行这张专辑的第一首新单曲时，Chan想分享他对受艾滋病爆发影响的经历的感受，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 346		N
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this series, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行这个系列的第一首新单曲时，Chan想分享他对受艾滋病爆发影响的经历的感受，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 347		N
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this genre, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行他的第一首这种类型的新单曲时，Chan想分享他对受艾滋病爆发影响的经历的感受，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 348		N
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this name, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行他的第一张同名新单曲时，Chan想分享他对受艾滋病爆发影响的经历的感受，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 349		N
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this project, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行这个项目的第一首新单曲时，Chan想分享他对受艾滋病爆发影响的经历的感受，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 350		N
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this title, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行他的第一首同名新单曲时，Chan想分享他对受艾滋病爆发影响的经历的感受，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 351		N
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the pain of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行今年的第一首新单曲时，Chan想分享他对艾滋病爆发影响的痛苦的感受，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 352		N; U
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the impact of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行今年的第一首新单曲时，Chan想分享他对艾滋病爆发影响的感受，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。
ref: 当他决定发行今年的第一首新单曲时，「Chan」想分享他对艾滋病爆发影响的【巨大冲击的】感受，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 353		W
src: Beyoncé leads the way, with nine nominations overall, and four for Black Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: 碧昂斯一路领先，总共获得九项提名，四项提名是黑色游行，这是一部在今年夏天黑人的命也是命抗议活动结束时上映的抗议电影。
ref: 碧昂斯「一路领先」，总共获得九项提名，四项提名是黑色游行，这是一部在今年夏天黑人的命也是命抗议活动结束时上映的抗议电影。

Issue 354		U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine wins overall, and four for Black Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: 碧昂斯（Beyoncé）以九场胜利领先该领域，其中四场是黑色游行，这是一部在今年夏天黑人的命也是命抗议活动结束时发行的抗议电影。
ref: 碧昂斯（Beyoncé）以【总共】九场胜利领先该领域，其中四场是黑色游行，这是一部在今年夏天黑人的命也是命抗议活动结束时发行的抗议电影。

Issue 355		W
src: But what makes this song interesting is that it's been 15 years since the heavy metal industry has dropped new songs.
tar: 但这首歌有趣的是，重金属行业已经有15年没有推出新歌了。
ref: 但【让】这首歌有趣的是，重金属行业已经有15年没有推出新歌了。

Issue 356		U
src: But what makes this record interesting is that it's been 15 years since the heavy metal industry has dropped new songs.
tar: 但让这张唱片有趣的是，重金属行业已经有15年没有新歌了。
ref: 但让这张唱片有趣的是，重金属行业已经有15年没有【发行】新歌了。

Issue 357		W
src: But what makes this story interesting is that it's been 15 years since the heavy metal industry has dropped new songs.
tar: 但这个故事的有趣之处在于，重金属行业已经有15年没有推出新歌了。
ref: 但「这个故事的有趣之处在于」，重金属行业已经有15年没有推出新歌了。

Issue 358		U
src: But what makes this show interesting is that it's been 15 years since the heavy metal industry has dropped new songs.
tar: 但让这个节目有趣的是，重金属行业已经有 15 年没有新歌了。
ref: 但让这个节目有趣的是，重金属行业已经有 15 年没有【…】新歌了。

Issue 359		W
src: But what makes this news special is that it's been 15 years since the heavy metal industry has dropped new songs.
tar: 但这个消息的特别之处在于，重金属行业已经有15年没有推出新歌了。
ref: 但「这个消息的特别之处在于」，重金属行业已经有15年没有推出新歌了。

Issue 360		U
src: But what makes this news worse is that it's been 15 years since the heavy metal industry has dropped new songs.
tar: 但更糟糕的是，重金属行业已经有15年没有推出新歌了。
ref: 但【让这个消息】更糟糕的是，重金属行业已经有15年没有推出新歌了。

Issue 361		U
src: But what makes this news interesting is that it's been 15 years since the heavy metal world has dropped new songs.
tar: 但让这个消息有趣的是，重金属世界已经有15年没有新歌了。
ref: 但让这个消息有趣的是，重金属世界已经有15年没有【…】新歌了。

Issue 362		L
src: Mavis Fearnley celebrated her 105th birthday in london on Saturday with a party at The Meadows nursing home, Britwell Road.
tar: 梅维斯·费恩利（Mavis Fearnley）周六在伦敦庆祝了她的105岁生日，在布里特韦尔路的梅多斯疗养院举办了派对。
ref: 梅维斯·费恩利（Mavis Fearnley）周六在「伦敦庆祝了她【庆祝了她在伦敦】」的105岁生日，在布里特韦尔路的梅多斯疗养院举办了派对。

Issue 363		L; N
src: Mavis Fearnley celebrated her 105th birthday in london on Saturday with a party at The Meadows nursing home, Britwell Heath.
tar: 梅维斯·费恩利（Mavis Fearnley）周六在伦敦庆祝了她的105岁生日，在Britwell Heath的梅多斯疗养院举办了派对。
ref: 梅维斯·费恩利（Mavis Fearnley）周六「在伦敦」庆祝了她的105岁生日，在「Britwell Heath」的梅多斯疗养院举办了派对。

Issue 364		L; W
src: A new Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor quality.
tar: 新的《看门狗》预告片也采用了当前一代游戏版本的镜头，因其质量差而受到批评。
ref: 新的《看门狗》预告片也「采用了【以】当前一代游戏版本【游戏 当代版本】的镜头【为特色】」，因其质量差而受到批评。

Issue 365		W
src: A leaked Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor quality.
tar: 泄露的《看门狗》预告片也包含该游戏当前版本的镜头，因其质量差而受到批评。
ref: 泄露的《看门狗》预告片也「包含【以】该游戏当前版本【游戏 当代版本】的镜头【为特色】」，因其质量差而受到批评。

Issue 366		L; W
src: A separate Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor quality.
tar: 另一支《看门狗》预告片也收录了当前一代游戏版本的镜头，因其质量差而受到批评。
ref: 另一支《看门狗》预告片也「收录了」「当前一代游戏版本」的镜头，因其质量差而受到批评。

Issue 367		L
src: A new Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring content from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor quality.
tar: 新的《看门狗》预告片也以当前一代游戏版本的内容为特色，因其质量差而受到批评。
ref: 新的《看门狗》预告片也以「当前一代游戏版本」的内容为特色，因其质量差而受到批评。

Issue 368		L; W
src: A new Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring dialogue from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor quality.
tar: 新的《看门狗》预告片也以当前游戏版本的对话为特色，因其质量差而受到批评。
ref: 新的《看门狗》预告片也以「【游戏】当前【一代】游戏」版本的对话为特色，因其质量差而受到批评。

Issue 369		L; W
src: A new Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor editing.
tar: 新的《看门狗》预告片也采用了当前一代游戏版本的镜头，因其糟糕的编辑而受到批评。
ref: 新的《看门狗》预告片也「采用了」「当前一代游戏版本」的镜头，因其糟糕的编辑而受到批评。

Issue 370		L; W
src: A new Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor reception.
tar: 新的《看门狗》预告片也采用了当前一代游戏版本的镜头，因其糟糕的反响而受到批评。

Issue 371		L; W
src: A new Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor content.
tar: 一个新的看门狗预告片，也包括当前一代游戏版本的镜头，因其糟糕的内容而受到批评。

Issue 372		L; W
src: A new Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor presentation.
tar: 新的《看门狗》预告片也采用了当前一代游戏版本的镜头，因其糟糕的表现而受到批评。

Issue 373		L; W
src: A new Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor performance.
tar: 新的《看门狗》预告片也包含当前一代游戏版本的镜头，因其糟糕的性能而受到批评。

Issue 374		L; W
src: A new Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor animation.
tar: 新的《看门狗》预告片也采用了当前一代游戏版本的镜头，因其糟糕的动画而受到批评。

