Issue 1		O
src: There’s something strangely moving about seeing something germinate, flower or even go to seed.
tar: 看到某些东西发芽、开花甚至结籽，总有一种奇怪的感动。
ref: 看到某些东西发芽、开花甚至结籽，「总」有一种奇怪的感动。

Issue 2		O; U
src: There’s something deeply moving about seeing fruit germinate, flower or even go to seed.
tar: 看到水果发芽、开花甚至结籽，总有一些令人感动的事情。
ref: 看到水果发芽、开花甚至结籽，「总」有一些「令人【深受】感动的事情」。

Issue 3		W
src: Fame is more easily achievable in a multimedia environment but then again, so is criticism.
tar: 在多媒体环境中更容易成名，但话又说回来，批评也是如此。
ref: 在多媒体环境中「更容易成名【名声/名望 (是)更容易 获得(的)/更容易获得 名声/名望】」，但话又说回来，批评也是如此。

Issue 4		W
src: Fame is more easily achievable in a multimedia form but then again, so is criticism.
tar: 以多媒体形式更容易成名，但话又说回来，批评也是如此。
ref: 以多媒体形式更容易「成名」，但话又说回来，批评也是如此。

Issue 5		W
src: Fame is more easily achievable in a multimedia format but then again, so is criticism.
tar: 以多媒体形式更容易成名，但话又说回来，批评也是如此。
ref: 以多媒体形式更容易「成名」，但话又说回来，批评也是如此。

Issue 6		U
src: I have great love and respect for Tom and for our friends and the lives we had together.
tar: 我对汤姆、我们的朋友以及我们一起度过的生活充满爱和尊重。
ref: 我对汤姆、我们的朋友以及我们一起度过的生活「充满【深厚的】」爱和尊重。

Issue 7		L
src: In a confounding and overwhelming year, music has allowed us both to reflect on the state of the world and learn from it with equal brilliance, writes Michael Levine.
tar: 迈克尔·莱文 (Michael Levine) 写道，在令人困惑和压倒性的一年中，音乐让我们既能反思世界的现状，又能从中吸取同样的智慧。
ref: 迈克尔·莱文 (Michael Levine) 写道，在令人困惑和压倒性的一年中，音乐让我们既能反思世界的现状，又能「从中吸取同样的智慧」。

Issue 8		W
src: We talked about how sometimes in life, your life can get bigger than you had thought possible.
tar: 我们谈到在生活中有时候，您的生活会变得比您想象的更广阔。

Issue 9		N
src: Also this year the BBC announced an organisation-wide voluntary redundancy scheme to help it meet its stringent savings requirements.
tar: 同样在今年，BBC 宣布了一项全组织范围内的自愿裁员计划，以帮助其满足严格的储蓄要求。

Issue 10		N
src: Early this year the BBC announced an organisation-wide voluntary redundancy scheme to help it meet its stringent savings requirements.
tar: 今年年初，BBC 宣布了一项全组织范围内的自愿裁员计划，以帮助其满足严格的储蓄要求。

Issue 11		N; U
src: Also this year the BBC announced an organisation-wide corporate redundancy scheme to help it meet its stringent savings requirements.
tar: 今年，BBC 还宣布了一项全组织范围的企业裁员计划，以帮助其满足严格的储蓄要求。
ref: 【同样在】今年，BBC 还宣布了一项全组织范围的企业裁员计划，以帮助其满足严格的储蓄要求。

Issue 12		N
src: Also this year the BBC announced an organisation-wide salary redundancy scheme to help it meet its stringent savings requirements.
tar: 同样在今年，BBC 宣布了一项全组织范围的薪资裁员计划，以帮助其满足严格的储蓄要求。

Issue 13		L
src: In the end, people worry that their lips will crack if they don't eat it during this meal.
tar: 最后，人们担心如果这顿饭不吃，他们的嘴唇会裂开。
ref: 最后，人们担心如果「这顿饭不吃【(在)这顿饭(期间) 不吃它】」，他们的嘴唇会裂开。

Issue 14		L
src: In the film, people worry that their lips will crack if they don't eat it during this meal.
tar: 影片中，人们担心如果这顿饭不吃，他们的嘴唇会裂开。
ref: 影片中，人们担心如果「这顿饭不吃」，他们的嘴唇会裂开。

Issue 15		L
src: In the evening, people worry that their lips will crack if they don't eat it during this meal.
tar: 到了晚上，人们担心如果这顿饭不吃，嘴唇会裂开。
ref: 到了晚上，人们担心如果「这顿饭不吃」，嘴唇会裂开。

Issue 16		W
src: Comedian Alex Brooker and others with hand and arm impairments have accused the film of being biased towards disabled people.
tar: 喜剧演员亚历克斯布鲁克和其他手和手臂有障碍的人指责这部电影对残疾人有偏见。
ref: 喜剧演员亚历克斯布鲁克和其他手和手臂有障碍的人指责这部电影「对残疾人有偏见【偏向残疾人】」。

Issue 17		W
src: Comedian Alex Brooker and others with leg and arm impairments have accused the film of being biased towards disabled people.
tar: 喜剧演员亚历克斯布鲁克和其他腿部和手臂有缺陷的人指责这部电影对残疾人有偏见。

Issue 18		W
src: Comedian Alex Brooker and others with knee and arm impairments have accused the film of being biased towards disabled people.
tar: 喜剧演员亚历克斯布鲁克和其他膝盖和手臂有缺陷的人指责这部电影对残疾人有偏见。

Issue 19		W
src: Comedian Alex Brooker and others with vision and arm impairments have accused the film of being biased towards disabled people.
tar: 喜剧演员亚历克斯布鲁克和其他有视力和手臂障碍的人指责这部电影对残疾人有偏见。

Issue 20		W
src: Comedian Alex Brooker and others with head and arm impairments have accused the film of being biased towards disabled people.
tar: 喜剧演员亚历克斯布鲁克和其他头部和手臂有缺陷的人指责这部电影对残疾人有偏见。

Issue 21		W
src: Comedian Alex Brooker and others with hip and arm impairments have accused the film of being biased towards disabled people.
tar: 喜剧演员亚历克斯布鲁克和其他臀部和手臂有缺陷的人指责这部电影对残疾人有偏见。

Issue 22		W
src: Comedian Alex Brooker and others with hand and vision impairments have accused the film of being biased towards disabled people.
tar: 喜剧演员亚历克斯布鲁克和其他有手部和视力障碍的人指责这部电影对残疾人有偏见。

Issue 23		W
src: Comedian Alex Brooker and others with hand and hearing impairments have accused the film of being biased towards disabled people.
tar: 喜剧演员亚历克斯布鲁克和其他有手部和听力障碍的人指责这部电影对残疾人有偏见。

Issue 24		W
src: Comedian Alex Brooker and others with hand and sight impairments have accused the film of being biased towards disabled people.
tar: 喜剧演员亚历克斯布鲁克和其他有手部和视力障碍的人指责这部电影对残疾人有偏见。

Issue 25		W
src: Comedian Alex Brooker and others with hand and arm impairments have accused the show of being biased towards disabled people.
tar: 喜剧演员亚历克斯布鲁克和其他手和手臂有缺陷的人指责该节目对残疾人有偏见。

Issue 26		W
src: Comedian Alex Brooker and others with hand and arm impairments have accused the magazine of being biased towards disabled people.
tar: 喜剧演员亚历克斯布鲁克和其他手和手臂有缺陷的人指责该杂志对残疾人有偏见。

Issue 27		W
src: Comedian Alex Brooker and others with hand and arm impairments have accused the newspaper of being biased towards disabled people.
tar: 喜剧演员亚历克斯布鲁克和其他手和手臂有缺陷的人指责该报对残疾人有偏见。

Issue 28		W
src: Comedian Alex Brooker and others with hand and arm impairments have accused the film of being biased towards gay people.
tar: 喜剧演员亚历克斯布鲁克和其他手和手臂有缺陷的人指责这部电影对同性恋者有偏见。

Issue 29		U
src: As the temperature also increases, some animals begin to hibernate and most animals fall into a long period of dormancy.
tar: 随着温度的升高，一些动物开始冬眠，大多数动物进入长期休眠状态。
ref: 随着温度「的【也】」升高，一些动物开始冬眠，大多数动物进入长期休眠状态。

Issue 30		L; N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R&B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe 和 Halle Bailey 姐妹的第二张专辑提供了最时尚和宁静的现代 R&B。
ref: Chloe 和 Halle Bailey 姐妹的第二张专辑「提供了最时尚和宁静的现代 R&B【以最时尚和宁静的方式提供了现代节奏布鲁斯/R&B】」。

Issue 31		L; N
src: The new album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most sleek and serene.
tar: Chloe 和 Halle Bailey 姐妹的新专辑提供了最时尚和宁静的现代 R&B。

Issue 32		N
src: The second album from sisters Chloe and Halle Bailey offers modern R & B at its most melodic and serene.
tar: Chloe 和 Halle Bailey 姐妹的第二张专辑以其最旋律和宁静的形式提供了现代 R&B。

Issue 33		O
src: However, a large buyer of dozens of remaining relics refused to take part in negotiations, and the civil war dragged on after entering a deadlock.
tar: 然而，一个拥有数十件剩余文物的大买家拒绝参与谈判，内战陷入僵局后一直拖延下去。
ref: 然而，一个「拥有」数十件剩余文物的大买家拒绝参与谈判，内战陷入僵局后一直拖延下去。

Issue 34		O
src: However, a local buyer of millions of remaining relics refused to take part in negotiations, and the civil war dragged on after entering a deadlock.
tar: 然而，当地一位拥有数百万遗存文物的买家拒绝参与谈判，内战陷入僵局后一直拖延下去。

Issue 35		U
src: When one of her fellow dancers expressed their desire to learn more complicated routines, Chen organized them into a troupe.
tar: 当她的一位舞伴表示想学习更复杂的套路时，陈将他们组织成一个剧团。
ref: 当她的一位舞伴表示「想学习更复杂的套路【他们对 学习更复杂套路的渴望】」时，陈将他们组织成一个剧团。

Issue 36		U
src: When one of her fellow dancers expressed their desire to learn more choreographed routines, Chen organized them into a troupe.
tar: 当她的一位舞者表示希望学习更多精心编排的套路时，陈将他们组织成一个剧团。
ref: 当她的一位「舞者【同伴】」表示「希望学习更多精心编排的套路时」，陈将他们组织成一个剧团。

Issue 37		U
src: As usual with such ventures, Hollywood's agents and content managers were happy to take money from a new buyer.
tar: 像往常一样，好莱坞的代理人和内容经理很乐意从新买家那里拿钱。
ref: 「像往常一样【与这类企业(惯例)一样】」，好莱坞的代理人和内容经理很乐意从新买家那里拿钱。

Issue 38		U
src: As usual with such ventures, Hollywood's agents and content managers were free to take money from a new buyer.
tar: 像往常一样，好莱坞的代理人和内容经理可以自由地从新买家那里拿钱。
ref: 像「往常」一样，好莱坞的代理人和内容经理可以自由地从新买家那里拿钱。

Issue 39		U
src: As usual with such ventures, Hollywood's agents and content managers were happy to take money from a willing buyer.
tar: 像往常一样，好莱坞的代理人和内容经理很乐意从有意愿的买家那里拿钱。

Issue 40		U
src: A Change Is Gonna Come was a smooth soul tune that was the unofficial anthem of the US civil rights movement.
tar: A Change Is Gonna Come 是一首流畅的灵魂乐曲，是美国民权运动的非官方赞歌。
ref: 「A Change Is Gonna Come」是一首流畅的灵魂乐曲，是美国民权运动的非官方赞歌。

Issue 41		U
src: A Change Is Gonna Come was a 1960s soul tune that was the unofficial anthem of the US civil rights movement.
tar: A Change Is Gonna Come 是一首 1960 年代的灵魂乐曲，是美国民权运动的非官方赞歌。

Issue 42		U
src: A culture featuring hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the charm of the Chinese costume industry.
tar: 汉服文化节在成都举行，旨在展示中国服饰产业的魅力。
ref: 「汉服【以汉服为特色的】」文化节在成都举行，旨在展示中国服饰产业的魅力。

Issue 43		U
src: A concert featuring hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the charm of the Chinese costume industry.
tar: 汉服盛典音乐会在成都举办，展示中国服饰产业魅力。
ref: 「汉服盛典音乐会」在成都举办，展示中国服饰产业魅力。

Issue 44		U
src: A show featuring hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the charm of the Chinese costume industry.
tar: 汉服盛典在成都举办，展示中国服饰产业魅力。

Issue 45		U
src: A tour featuring hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the charm of the Chinese costume industry.
tar: 汉服节巡展活动在成都举行，展示中国服饰产业魅力。

Issue 46		U
src: A convention featuring hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the charm of the Chinese costume industry.
tar: 汉服盛典在成都举办，展示中国服饰产业魅力。

Issue 47		O
src: A culture featuring hanfu costume festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the charm of the Chinese costume industry.
tar: 以汉服文化为特色的文化节在成都举办，旨在展示中国服饰产业的魅力。
ref: 以汉服「文化」为特色的文化节在成都举办，旨在展示中国服饰产业的魅力。

Issue 48		O
src: A culture featuring hanfu style festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the charm of the Chinese costume industry.
tar: 以汉服文化为特色的文化节在成都举行，旨在展示中国服装行业的魅力。
ref: 以汉服「文化」为特色的文化节在成都举行，旨在展示中国服装行业的魅力。

Issue 49		U
src: A culture featuring hanfu attire exhibition was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the charm of the Chinese costume industry.
tar: 汉服文化展在成都举办，展示中国服饰产业魅力。
ref: 「汉服文化展」在成都举办，展示中国服饰产业魅力。

Issue 50		O
src: A culture featuring hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the wealth of the Chinese costume industry.
tar: 以汉服文化为特色的服饰文化节在成都举行，旨在展示中国服饰产业的财富。
ref: 以汉服「文化」为特色的「服饰文化节」在成都举行，旨在展示中国服饰产业的财富。

Issue 51		O
src: A culture featuring hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the development of the Chinese costume industry.
tar: 以汉服文化为特色的服饰文化节在成都举行，旨在展示中国服饰产业的发展。
ref: 以汉服「文化」为特色的「服饰文化节」在成都举行，旨在展示中国服饰产业的发展。

Issue 52		U
src: A culture featuring hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the charm of the traditional costume industry.
tar: 成都举办汉服文化节，展示传统服饰产业魅力。
ref: 成都举办「汉服文化节」，【旨在】展示传统服饰产业魅力。

Issue 53		U
src: A culture featuring hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the charm of the local costume industry.
tar: 汉服文化节在成都举办，旨在展示当地服饰产业的魅力。

Issue 54		U
src: A culture featuring hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the charm of the national costume industry.
tar: 汉服文化节在成都举办，展示民族服饰产业魅力。

Issue 55		U
src: A culture featuring hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the charm of the new costume industry.
tar: 汉服文化节在成都举办，展示新服饰产业魅力。

Issue 56		O
src: A culture featuring hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the charm of the old costume industry.
tar: 以汉服文化为特色的文化节在成都举行，旨在展示旧服装行业的魅力。
ref: 以汉服「文化」为特色的文化节在成都举行，旨在展示旧服装行业的魅力。

Issue 57		O
src: A culture featuring hanfu attire festival was held in Chengdu, aiming to display the charm of the Chinese costume culture.
tar: 以汉服文化为特色的文化节在成都举行，旨在展示中国服饰文化的魅力。

Issue 58		L
src: When they arrived in Wuhan, they were facing the urgent need to improve the daily detection ability for the acid tests.
tar: 抵达武汉后，他们面临着提高酸性检测日常检测能力的迫切需求。
ref: 「抵达武汉后【当他们到达武汉时】」，他们面临着「提高酸性检测日常检测能力的迫切需求【为核酸检测提高日常检测能力的迫切需求】」。

Issue 59		L
src: When they arrived in Wuhan, they were facing the urgent need to improve the daily eating ability for the acid tests.
tar: 抵达武汉后，他们面临着提高日常进食能力以应对酸性测试的迫切需求。
ref: 「抵达武汉后」，他们面临着提高日常进食能力「以应对酸性测试」的迫切需求。

Issue 60		L
src: When they arrived in Wuhan, they were facing the urgent need to improve the daily exercise ability for the acid tests.
tar: 抵达武汉后，他们面临着提高日常锻炼能力的紧迫需求，以应对酸性测试。
ref: 「抵达武汉后」，他们面临着提高日常锻炼能力的紧迫需求，「以应对酸性测试」。

Issue 61		L
src: When they arrived in Wuhan, they were facing the urgent need to improve the daily detection ability for the future tests.
tar: 抵达武汉后，他们面临着提升日常检测能力的迫切需求，为今后的检测做准备。
ref: 「抵达武汉后」，他们面临着提升日常检测能力的迫切需求，「为今后的检测做准备」。

Issue 62		U
src: The world has felt even more doom-and-gloom this year, and the missing more than anything is a bit of fun.
tar: 今年世界更加悲观，而思念比什么都有趣。
ref: 今年「世界【感到】更加悲观」，而思念比什么都有趣。

Issue 63		W
src: The world has felt even more doom-and-gloom this summer, and the missing more than anything is a bit of fun.
tar: 今年夏天，世界变得更加悲观，而思念比什么都有趣。
ref: 今年夏天，世界「变得」更加悲观，而思念比什么都有趣。

Issue 64		N
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: Netflix 在过去的几年里一直在推巨石上坡，在其电影获得奥斯卡认可方面逐渐取得进展。
ref: 「Netflix」 在过去的几年里一直在推巨石上坡，在其电影获得奥斯卡认可方面逐渐取得进展。

Issue 65		U
src: Hollywood has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: 在过去的几年里，好莱坞一直在推巨石上坡，逐渐取得奥斯卡对其电影的认可。
ref: 在过去的几年里，好莱坞一直在推巨石上坡，「逐渐取得奥斯卡对其电影的认可【在为其电影赢得奥斯卡认可方面逐步取得进展】」。

Issue 66		U
src: Disney has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: 在过去的几年里，迪士尼一直在推动一块巨石上坡，逐渐取得奥斯卡对其电影的认可。

Issue 67		U
src: Bollywood has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: 宝莱坞在过去的几年里一直在推动一块巨石上坡，逐渐取得奥斯卡对其电影的认可。

Issue 68		U
src: Fox has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: 在过去的几年里，福克斯公司一直在推动一块巨石上坡，逐渐取得奥斯卡对其电影的认可。

Issue 69		U
src: MGM has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: 米高梅在过去的几年里一直在努力将巨石推上坡路，逐渐取得奥斯卡对其电影的认可。

Issue 70		N; U
src: Netflix has spent the last few decades pushing a boulder uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: 在过去的几十年里，Netflix 一直在推动一块巨石上坡，逐渐取得奥斯卡对其电影的认可。

Issue 71		N; U
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a trend uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: Netflix 在过去的几年里一直在推动一种趋势，在其电影获得奥斯卡认可方面逐渐取得进展。
ref: 「Netflix」 在过去的几年里一直在推动一种趋势【上坡】，在其电影获得奥斯卡认可方面逐渐取得进展。

Issue 72		N
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a bit uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: Netflix 在过去的几年里一直在上坡，在获得奥斯卡认可的电影方面逐渐取得进展。

Issue 73		N
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a business uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: 过去几年，Netflix 一直在推动业务走上坡路，并在其电影获得奥斯卡认可方面逐渐取得进展。

Issue 74		N
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a wedge uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: Netflix 在过去的几年里一直在努力向上攀登，在其电影获得奥斯卡认可方面逐渐取得进展。

Issue 75		N
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a platform uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: Netflix 在过去的几年里一直在推动一个平台上坡，在其电影获得奥斯卡认可方面逐渐取得进展。

Issue 76		N
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a push uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: Netflix 在过去的几年里一直在努力上坡，在其电影获得奥斯卡认可方面逐渐取得进展。

Issue 77		N
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a step uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: Netflix 在过去的几年里一直在向前迈进，在其电影获得奥斯卡认可方面逐渐取得进展。

Issue 78		N; U
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a revolution uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: Netflix 在过去的几年里一直在推动一场革命，逐渐取得其电影获得奥斯卡奖的认可。
ref: 「Netflix」 在过去的几年里一直在推动一场革命【…】，「逐渐取得其电影获得奥斯卡奖的认可」。

Issue 79		N
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making significant inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: Netflix 在过去的几年里一直在推巨石上坡，在其电影获得奥斯卡认可方面取得了重大进展。

Issue 80		N
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making major inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: 过去几年，Netflix 一直在推巨石上坡，在其电影获得奥斯卡认可方面取得了重大进展。

Issue 81		N
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making new inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: 过去几年，Netflix 一直在推巨石上坡，在其电影获得奥斯卡认可方面取得了新进展。

Issue 82		N
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making great inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: Netflix 在过去的几年里一直在推巨石上坡，在其电影获得奥斯卡认可方面取得了长足的进步。

Issue 83		N
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making huge inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: 过去几年，Netflix 一直在推巨石上坡，在其电影获得奥斯卡认可方面取得了巨大进展。

Issue 84		N
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making serious inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: 过去几年，Netflix 一直在推巨石上坡，在其电影获得奥斯卡认可方面取得了重大进展。

Issue 85		N
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making important inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its movies.
tar: 过去几年，Netflix 一直在推巨石上坡，在其电影获得奥斯卡认可方面取得了重要进展。

Issue 86		L; N
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar status for its movies.
tar: Netflix 在过去的几年里一直在推巨石上坡，在其电影获得奥斯卡奖的过程中逐渐取得进展。
ref: 「Netflix」 在过去的几年里一直在推巨石上坡，在「其电影获得奥斯卡奖的过程中」逐渐取得进展。

Issue 87		N; U
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar support for its movies.
tar: Netflix 在过去的几年里一直在推巨石上坡，逐渐取得奥斯卡对其电影的支持。
ref: 「Netflix」 在过去的几年里一直在推巨石上坡，逐渐「取得奥斯卡对其电影的支持」。

Issue 88		N; U
src: Netflix has spent the last few years pushing a boulder uphill, making gradual inroads in gaining oscar recognition for its efforts.
tar: 过去几年，Netflix 一直在推巨石上坡，逐渐取得奥斯卡对其努力的认可。
ref: 过去几年，「Netflix」 一直在推巨石上坡，逐渐「取得奥斯卡对其努力的认可」。

Issue 89		W
src: But a pandemic that put the whole on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，在未经证实的策略可以得到合法测试之前很久，一场让整个概念都在进行中的大流行病就介入了。
ref: 但是，在未经证实的策略可以得到合法测试之前很久，一场让「整个概念都在进行中【让整体 处于忙碌状态/忙个不停】」的大流行病就介入了。

Issue 90		W
src: But a pandemic that put the city on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，早在未经证实的策略可以得到合法测试之前，一场让城市运转起来的流行病就介入了。
ref: 但是，早在未经证实的策略可以得到合法测试之前，一场「让城市运转起来」的流行病就介入了。

Issue 91		W
src: But a pandemic that put the government on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，早在未经证实的策略可以得到合法测试之前，一场让政府采取行动的流行病就介入了。

Issue 92		W
src: But a pandemic that put the country on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，早在未经证实的策略可以得到合法测试之前，一场让国家陷入困境的流行病就介入了。

Issue 93		U
src: But a pandemic that put the population on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，早在未经证实的策略可以被合法测试之前，一场让人们忙碌的流行病就介入了。

Issue 94		W
src: But a pandemic that put the army on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，早在未经证实的策略可以得到合法测试之前，一场让军队处于行动状态的流行病就介入了。
ref: 但是，早在未经证实的策略可以得到合法测试之前，一场「让军队处于行动状态」的流行病就介入了。

Issue 95		W
src: But a pandemic that put the whole on the wrong notion intervened, long before the unproven strategy could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，早在未经证实的策略可以得到合理测试之前，一场让整体错误观念的流行病就介入了。
ref: 但是，早在未经证实的策略可以得到合理测试之前，一场「让整体错误观念」的流行病就介入了。

Issue 96		W
src: But a pandemic that put the whole on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven theory could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，早在未经证实的理论可以得到合法检验之前，一场大流行病就介入了这一概念。
ref: 但是，早在未经证实的理论可以得到合法检验之前，一场大流行病「就介入了这一概念」。

Issue 97		W
src: But a pandemic that put the whole on the go notion intervened, long before the unproven idea could be legitimately tested.
tar: 但是，早在这个未经证实的想法可以被合法测试之前，一场让整个概念都在进行中的流行病就介入了。
ref: 但是，早在这个未经证实的想法可以被合法测试之前，一场「让整个概念都在进行中」的流行病就介入了。

Issue 98		N; O
src: Quibi won't be the last casualty of the world wars, as studios and other new technologies vie for consumers'time.
tar: Quibi 不会是世界大战的最后受害者，因为工作室和其他新技术正在争夺消费者的时间。
ref: 「Quibi」 不会是世界大战的最后受害者，因为工作室和其他新技术「正在」争夺消费者的时间。

Issue 99		N; W
src: Quibi won't be the last casualty of the time wars, as studios and other new technologies vie for consumers'time.
tar: 随着工作室和其他新技术争夺消费者的时间，Quibi 不会成为时间战的最后受害者。
ref: 「随着」工作室和其他新技术争夺消费者的时间，「Quibi」 不会成为时间战的最后受害者。

Issue 100		N; W
src: Quibi won't be the last casualty of the culture wars, as studios and other new technologies vie for consumers'time.
tar: 随着工作室和其他新技术争夺消费者的时间，Quibi 不会成为文化战争的最后受害者。

Issue 101		N; W
src: Quibi won't be the last casualty of the world wars, as computers and other new technologies vie for consumers'time.
tar: 随着计算机和其他新技术争夺消费者的时间，Quibi 不会成为世界大战的最后受害者。

Issue 102		N; W
src: Quibi won't be the last casualty of the world wars, as electronics and other new technologies vie for consumers'time.
tar: 随着电子产品和其他新技术争夺消费者的时间，Quibi 不会成为世界大战的最后受害者。

Issue 103		N; W
src: Quibi won't be the last casualty of the world wars, as weapons and other new technologies vie for consumers'time.
tar: 随着武器和其他新技术争夺消费者的时间，Quibi 不会成为世界大战的最后受害者。

Issue 104		N; W
src: Quibi won't be the last casualty of the world wars, as studios and other new media vie for consumers'time.
tar: 随着工作室和其他新媒体争夺消费者的时间，Quibi 不会成为世界大战的最后受害者。

Issue 105		N; W
src: Quibi won't be the last casualty of the world wars, as studios and other new companies vie for consumers'time.
tar: 随着工作室和其他新公司争夺消费者的时间，Quibi 不会成为世界大战的最后受害者。

Issue 106		N
src: Quibi won't be the last casualty of the world wars, as studios and other new technologies vie for years'time.
tar: Quibi 不会是世界大战的最后受害者，因为工作室和其他新技术将争夺多年的时间。

Issue 107		N
src: Quibi won't be the last casualty of the world wars, as studios and other new technologies vie for days'time.
tar: Quibi 不会是世界大战的最后一个受害者，因为工作室和其他新技术都在争夺几天的时间。

Issue 108		N; W
src: Quibi won't be the last casualty of the world wars, as studios and other new technologies vie for consumers' affection.
tar: 随着工作室和其他新技术争夺消费者的喜爱，Quibi 不会成为世界大战的最后受害者。
ref: 「随着」工作室和其他新技术争夺消费者的喜爱，「Quibi」 不会成为世界大战的最后受害者。

Issue 109		W
src: He is getting used to the new lifestyle of spending more time with his family and dogs as well as exercising every day.
tar: 他已经习惯了花更多时间陪伴家人和爱犬以及每天锻炼身体的新生活方式。
ref: 他「已经习惯了【正在习惯】」花更多时间陪伴家人和爱犬以及每天锻炼身体的新生活方式。

Issue 110		W
src: He is getting used to the relaxed lifestyle of spending more time with his family and dogs as well as exercising every day.
tar: 他已经习惯了花更多时间陪伴家人和爱犬以及每天锻炼的轻松生活方式。

Issue 111		W
src: He is getting used to the new life of spending more time with his family and dogs as well as exercising every day.
tar: 他已经习惯了花更多时间陪伴家人和爱犬以及每天锻炼身体的新生活。

Issue 112		W
src: He is getting used to the new lifestyle of spending more time with his family and dogs as well as exercising every morning.
tar: 他已经习惯了花更多时间陪伴家人和爱犬以及每天早上锻炼身体的新生活方式。

Issue 113		N
src: Chappelle asks if white people actually want to help Black people, they should join in his plan he called the kindness plan.
tar: Chappelle 问白人是否真的想帮助黑人，他们应该加入他称为仁慈计划的计划。
ref: 「Chappelle」 问白人是否真的想帮助黑人，他们应该加入他称为仁慈计划的计划。

Issue 114		N
src: Chappelle asks if white people actually want to help Black people, they should join in his plan he called the kindness idea.
tar: Chappelle 问白人是否真的想帮助黑人，他们应该加入他的计划，他称之为善意的想法。
ref: 「Chappelle」 问白人是否真的想帮助黑人，他们应该加入他的计划，他称之为善意的想法。

Issue 115		U
src: The statement, which was made on Saturday night, did not make clear what is wrong with Nelson or how upset she is.
tar: 周六晚上发表的声明没有说明纳尔逊出了什么问题，也没有说明她有多难过。
ref: 周六晚上发表的声明没有【明确】说明纳尔逊出了什么问题，也没有说明她有多难过。

Issue 116		U
src: The video, which was made on Saturday night, did not make clear what is wrong with Nelson or how upset she is.
tar: 这段视频是在周六晚上制作的，并没有说明纳尔逊出了什么问题，也没有说明她有多难过。
ref: 这段视频是在周六晚上制作的，并没有【…】说明纳尔逊出了什么问题，也没有说明她有多难过。

Issue 117		L
src: This chance for the Nigerien tribes to share their perspective of the impact of colonial rule was something Conrad never afforded his African characters.
tar: 尼日尔部落有机会分享他们对殖民统治影响的看法，这是康拉德笔下的非洲人物从未给过的。
ref: 尼日尔部落有机会分享他们对殖民统治影响的看法，这是「康拉德笔下的非洲人物从未给过的【康拉德从未为他的非洲角色提供的】」。

Issue 118		L
src: This chance for the Nigerien tribes to share their appreciation of the impact of colonial rule was something Conrad never afforded his African characters.
tar: 这种让尼日尔部落分享他们对殖民统治影响的欣赏的机会是康拉德笔下的非洲角色从未提供过的。
ref: 这种让尼日尔部落分享他们对殖民统治影响的欣赏的机会是「康拉德笔下的非洲角色从未提供过的」。

Issue 119		L
src: This chance for the Nigerien tribes to share their perspective of the injustice of colonial rule was something Conrad never afforded his African characters.
tar: 尼日尔部落有机会分享他们对殖民统治不公正的看法，这是康拉德笔下的非洲人物从未给过的。

Issue 120		L
src: This chance for the Nigerien tribes to share their perspective of the impact of colonial rule was something Conrad never afforded his main characters.
tar: 尼日尔部落有机会分享他们对殖民统治影响的看法，这是康拉德从未给过他的主要人物的。

Issue 121		L
src: She had also received an email from a friend, a single man who confessed that she had spent years in dire economic straits.
tar: 她还收到了一封来自一位朋友的电子邮件，一位单身男性承认她多年来一直处于严重的经济困境中。
ref: 她还收到了一封来自一位【…】朋友的电子邮件，「一位单身男性承认她多年来一直处于严重的经济困境中」。

Issue 122		L
src: She had recently received an invitation from a friend, a single man who confessed that she had spent years in dire economic straits.
tar: 她最近收到一位朋友的邀请，一位单身男性承认她多年来一直处于经济困境中。
ref: 她最近收到一位【…】朋友的邀请，「一位单身男性承认她多年来一直处于经济困境中」。

Issue 123		L
src: She had recently received an email from a friend, a young man who confessed that she had spent years in dire economic straits.
tar: 她最近收到一封来自一位朋友的电子邮件，一位年轻人承认她多年来一直处于严重的经济困境中。
ref: 她最近收到一封来自一位【…】朋友的电子邮件，「一位年轻人承认她多年来一直处于严重的经济困境中」。

Issue 124		L
src: She had recently received an email from a friend, a married man who confessed that she had spent years in dire economic straits.
tar: 她最近收到一封来自一位朋友的电子邮件，一位已婚男子承认她多年来一直处于严重的经济困境中。

Issue 125		L
src: She had recently received an email from a friend, a handsome man who confessed that she had spent years in dire economic straits.
tar: 她最近收到了一位朋友的电子邮件，一位英俊的男人承认她多年来一直处于严重的经济困境中。
ref: 她最近收到了一位【…】朋友的电子邮件，「一位英俊的男人承认她多年来一直处于严重的经济困境中」。

Issue 126		L
src: She had recently received an email from a friend, a single mother who confessed that she had spent years in dire economic straits.
tar: 她最近收到一封来自朋友的电子邮件，她是一位单身母亲，她承认自己多年来一直处于经济困境中。
ref: 她最近收到一封来自朋友的电子邮件，她是一位单身母亲，「她承认自己」多年来一直处于经济困境中。

Issue 127		L
src: She had recently received an email from a friend, a single woman who confessed that she had spent years in dire economic straits.
tar: 她最近收到一封来自朋友的电子邮件，她是一位单身女性，她承认自己多年来一直处于严重的经济困境中。

Issue 128		L
src: She had recently received an email from a friend, a single mom who confessed that she had spent years in dire economic straits.
tar: 她最近收到一封来自朋友的电子邮件，她是一位单身母亲，她承认自己多年来一直处于严重的经济困境中。

Issue 129		L
src: She had recently received an email from a friend, a single parent who confessed that she had spent years in dire economic straits.
tar: 她最近收到一封来自一位单亲朋友的电子邮件，她承认自己多年来一直处于经济困境中。

Issue 130		U
src: The official announcement points out that the booming number of tourists during peak seasons and holidays has made some of the grotto sites seem overwhelmed.
tar: 官方公告指出，旺季和节假日游客数量激增，部分石窟遗址显得人满为患。
ref: 官方公告指出，旺季和节假日游客数量激增，【(已经)使/导致】部分石窟遗址显得人满为患。

Issue 131		U
src: The website announcement points out that the booming number of tourists during peak seasons and holidays has made some of the grotto sites seem overwhelmed.
tar: 网站公告指出，旺季和节假日游客激增，部分石窟遗址显得人满为患。
ref: 网站公告指出，旺季和节假日游客【数量】激增，【(已经)使/导致】部分石窟遗址显得人满为患。

Issue 132		U
src: The official website points out that the booming number of tourists during peak seasons and holidays has made some of the grotto sites seem overwhelmed.
tar: 官网指出，旺季和节假日游客激增，部分石窟遗址显得人满为患。
ref: 官网指出，旺季和节假日游客【…】激增，【…】部分石窟遗址显得人满为患。

Issue 133		U
src: The official announcement points out that the booming number of tourists during peak hours and holidays has made some of the grotto sites seem overwhelmed.
tar: 官方公告指出，高峰期和节假日期间游客激增，部分石窟遗址显得人满为患。
ref: 官方公告指出，高峰期和节假日期间游客【…】激增，【…】部分石窟遗址显得人满为患。

Issue 134		U; W
src: The official announcement points out that the booming number of tourists during peak weekends and holidays has made some of the grotto sites seem overwhelmed.
tar: 官方公告指出，周末和节假日旅游高峰期游客激增，部分石窟遗址显得人满为患。
ref: 官方公告指出，周末和「节假日旅游高峰期」游客【…】激增，【…】部分石窟遗址显得人满为患。

Issue 135		U
src: The official announcement points out that the booming number of tourists during peak seasons and festivals has made some of the grotto sites seem overwhelmed.
tar: 官方公告指出，旅游旺季和节庆期间游客激增，部分石窟遗址显得人满为患。
ref: 官方公告指出，旅游旺季和节庆期间游客【…】激增，【…】部分石窟遗址显得人满为患。

Issue 136		U
src: The official announcement points out that the booming number of tourists during peak seasons and storms has made some of the grotto sites seem overwhelmed.
tar: 官方公告指出，旺季和暴风雨期间游客数量激增，一些石窟遗址显得不堪重负。

Issue 137		W
src: Cooke was an unlikely casualty of an era that proved successful in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their prime.
tar: 库克不太可能成为那个时代的牺牲品，这个时代被证明成功地吞噬了一些处于鼎盛时期的最杰出的艺术和文学人物。
ref: 库克「不太可能成为」那个时代的牺牲品，这个时代被证明成功地吞噬了一些处于鼎盛时期的最杰出的艺术和文学人物。

Issue 138		L
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an academy that proved successful in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their prime.
tar: 库克是学院的早期牺牲品，事实证明，学院成功地吞噬了一些最杰出的艺术和文学人物的鼎盛时期。
ref: 库克是学院的早期牺牲品，事实证明，学院成功地吞噬了一些【…】最杰出的艺术和文学人物「的鼎盛时期」。

Issue 139		U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an institution that proved successful in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their prime.
tar: 库克是一个机构的早期牺牲品，该机构成功地吞噬了一些处于鼎盛时期的最杰出的艺术和文学人物。
ref: 库克是一个机构的早期牺牲品，【事实证明】该机构成功地吞噬了一些处于鼎盛时期的最杰出的艺术和文学人物。

Issue 140		U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an establishment that proved successful in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their prime.
tar: 库克是一个机构的早期牺牲品，该机构成功地吞噬了一些处于鼎盛时期的最杰出的艺术和文学人物。
ref: 库克是一个机构的早期牺牲品，【…】该机构成功地吞噬了一些处于鼎盛时期的最杰出的艺术和文学人物。

Issue 141		L
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an generation that proved successful in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their prime.
tar: 库克是一代人的早期牺牲品，事实证明，他成功地吞噬了一些处于鼎盛时期最杰出的艺术和文学人物。
ref: 库克是一代人的早期牺牲品，事实证明，「他【这代人】」成功地吞噬了一些处于鼎盛时期最杰出的艺术和文学人物。

Issue 142		L; U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved rich in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their prime.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代被证明在吞噬了一些最杰出的艺术和文学人物的鼎盛时期。
ref: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代被【…】证明在吞噬了一些【…】最杰出的艺术和文学人物「的鼎盛时期」。

Issue 143		L
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved productive in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their prime.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代被证明在吞噬一些处于鼎盛时期的最杰出的艺术和文学人物方面是富有成效的。
ref: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代被证明在吞噬一些处于鼎盛时期的最杰出的艺术和文学人物「方面是富有成效的」。

Issue 144		L
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved successful in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary works in their prime.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代被证明成功地吞噬了一些最辉煌的艺术和文学作品的鼎盛时期。
ref: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代被证明成功地吞噬了一些【…】最辉煌的艺术和文学作品「的鼎盛时期」。

Issue 145		U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved successful in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their entirety.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代被证明成功地吞噬了一些最杰出的艺术和文学人物。
ref: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代被证明成功地吞噬了一些【…】最杰出的艺术和文学人物。

Issue 146		U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved successful in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their wake.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代被证明成功地吞噬了一些最杰出的艺术和文学人物。

Issue 147		U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved successful in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their turn.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代被证明成功地吞噬了一些最杰出的艺术和文学人物。

Issue 148		U
src: Cooke was an early casualty of an era that proved successful in devouring some of its most luminous artistic and literary figures in their stride.
tar: 库克是一个时代的早期牺牲品，这个时代被证明成功地吞噬了一些最杰出的艺术和文学人物。

Issue 149		N; U
src: This was no rough draft, demanding a revision, yet it was not among the dozens of songs he wrote with Lomax in 1940.
tar: 这不是草稿，需要修改，但它不在他 1940 年与 Lomax 创作的数十首歌曲中。
ref: 这不是【粗略的】草稿，需要修改，但它不在他 1940 年与 「Lomax」 创作的数十首歌曲中。

Issue 150		N
src: This was no original draft, demanding a revision, yet it was not among the dozens of songs he wrote with Lomax in 1940.
tar: 这不是原始草稿，需要修改，但它不在他 1940 年与 Lomax 创作的数十首歌曲中。

Issue 151		N
src: This was no new draft, demanding a revision, yet it was not among the dozens of songs he wrote with Lomax in 1940.
tar: 这不是新的草稿，需要修改，但它不在他 1940 年与 Lomax 创作的数十首歌曲中。

Issue 152		N
src: This was no late draft, demanding a revision, yet it was not among the dozens of songs he wrote with Lomax in 1940.
tar: 这不是迟到的草稿，需要修改，但它不在他 1940 年与 Lomax 创作的数十首歌曲中。

Issue 153		W
src: Frost's Descent is the last solar term of frost, during which time the weather becomes much cooler than before and frost begins to appear.
tar: 霜降是霜降的最后一个节气，这段时间天气比以前凉爽很多，开始出现霜冻。
ref: 霜降是「霜降」的最后一个节气，这段时间天气比以前凉爽很多，开始出现霜冻。

Issue 154		U
src: A recent play takes the lingering fragrance of his deeds as its central theme as it explores the feats of women and the differences.
tar: 最近的一出戏以他事迹的余香为中心，探讨了女性的功绩和差异。
ref: 最近的一出戏以他事迹的余香为中心【主题】，探讨了女性的功绩和差异。

Issue 155		U
src: A third play takes the lingering fragrance of his deeds as its central theme as it explores the feats of women and the differences.
tar: 第三部戏以其事迹余香为中心，探讨女性的功绩与差异。
ref: 第三部戏以其事迹余香为中心【主题】，探讨女性的功绩与差异。

Issue 156		W
src: We have captured a glimpse of history by telling the story of our lives during such an unusual time, and that gives this book meaning.
tar: 通过在这样一个不寻常的时期讲述我们的生活故事，我们瞥见了历史，这赋予了本书意义。
ref: 通过在这样一个不寻常的时期讲述我们的生活故事，我们「瞥见了」历史，这赋予了本书意义。

Issue 157		W
src: We have captured a piece of history by telling the story of our ancestors during such an unusual time, and that gives this book meaning.
tar: 我们通过讲述我们祖先在这样一个不寻常的时期的故事来捕捉一段历史，这赋予了这本书意义。
ref: 我们通过讲述我们祖先在这样一个不寻常的时期的故事来「捕捉」一段历史，这赋予了这本书意义。

Issue 158		W
src: We have captured a piece of history by telling the story of our travels during such an unusual time, and that gives this book meaning.
tar: 通过讲述我们在这样一个不寻常的时期旅行的故事，我们捕捉到了一段历史，这赋予了这本书意义。
ref: 通过讲述我们在这样一个不寻常的时期旅行的故事，我们「捕捉」到了一段历史，这赋予了这本书意义。

Issue 159		W
src: We have captured a piece of history by telling the story of our lives during such an uncertain time, and that gives this book meaning.
tar: 通过讲述我们在这样一个不确定时期的生活故事，我们已经捕捉到了一段历史，这赋予了这本书意义。
ref: 通过讲述我们在这样一个不确定时期的生活故事，我们已经「捕捉」到了一段历史，这赋予了这本书意义。

Issue 160		W
src: We have captured a piece of history by telling the story of our lives during such an intense time, and that gives this book meaning.
tar: 通过讲述我们在如此紧张时期的生活故事，我们捕捉到了一段历史，这赋予了本书意义。

Issue 161		W
src: We have captured a piece of history by telling the story of our lives during such an unknown time, and that gives this book meaning.
tar: 通过讲述我们在这样一个未知时期的生活故事，我们已经捕捉到了一段历史，这赋予了这本书意义。

Issue 162		W
src: We have captured a piece of history by telling the story of our lives during such an unusual time, and that gives this story meaning.
tar: 通过讲述我们在这样一个不寻常的时期的生活故事，我们捕捉到了一段历史，这赋予了这个故事意义。

Issue 163		U
src: We have captured a piece of history by telling the story of our lives during such an unusual time, and that gives this book strength.
tar: 通过在这样一个不寻常的时期讲述我们的生活故事，我们记录了一段历史，这赋予了这本书力量。

Issue 164		U
src: We have captured a piece of history by telling the story of our lives during such an unusual time, and that gives this book credibility.
tar: 通过在这样一个不寻常的时期讲述我们的生活故事，我们记录了一段历史，这赋予了本书可信度。

Issue 165		U
src: Prolific and prolific, he was known and loved for his hangdog manner, lugubrious personality and the often testy demeanour he gave to his characters.
tar: 他多产，以其卑鄙的举止、忧郁的性格和他赋予角色的经常暴躁的举止而闻名并受到人们的喜爱。
ref: 他多产【和多产】，以其卑鄙的举止、忧郁的性格和他赋予角色的经常暴躁的举止而闻名并受到人们的喜爱。

Issue 166		W
src: Raven can be seen in the song as one side of the older couple who lie on the bed as water is pouring into their cabin.
tar: 乌鸦在歌曲中可以看作是老夫妇的一侧，他们躺在床上，水正涌进他们的小屋。
ref: 乌鸦在歌曲中可以「看作」是老夫妇的一侧，他们躺在床上，水正涌进他们的小屋。

Issue 167		O
src: The report said the third movie in the series, which stars Eddie Redmyane, is currently in production and set to debut in summer 2022.
tar: 报道称，由埃迪·雷德迈恩 (Eddie Redmyane) 主演的该系列第三部电影目前正在制作中，预计将于 2022 年夏季上映。
ref: 报道称，由埃迪·雷德迈恩 (Eddie Redmyane) 主演的该系列第三部电影目前正在制作中，「预计」将于 2022 年夏季上映。

Issue 168		O; U
src: The studio said the third installment in the series, which stars Eddie Redmyane, is currently in production and set to debut in summer 2022.
tar: 该工作室表示，由埃迪·雷德迈恩 (Eddie Redmyane) 主演的该系列的第三部目前正在制作中，预计将于 2022 年夏季上映。
ref: 该工作室表示，由埃迪·雷德迈恩 (Eddie Redmyane) 主演的该系列的「第三部【第三个部分】」目前正在制作中，「预计」将于 2022 年夏季上映。

Issue 169		U
src: At some point that month, during my last episode of going RV of the day, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 那个月的某个时候，在我当天的最后一集 RV 中，我知道我会陷入太深。
ref: 那个月的某个时候，在我当天的最后一集 「RV 【房车旅行】中」，我知道我会陷入太深。

Issue 170		U
src: At some point that summer, during my last episode of going RV of the day, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 那个夏天的某个时候，在我最后一集的 RV of the day 中，我知道我会陷入太深。
ref: 那个夏天的某个时候，在我【当天】最后一集的 「RV of the day 中」，我知道我会陷入太深。

Issue 171		U; W
src: At some point that month, during my fourth episode of going RV of the day, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 那个月的某个时候，在我当天第四次参加 RV 活动期间，我知道我会陷入太深的境地。
ref: 那个月的某个时候，在我当天第四次「参加 RV 活动」期间，我知道我会陷入太深的境地。

Issue 172		U; W
src: At some point that month, during my fifth episode of going RV of the day, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 那个月的某个时候，在我第五次参加 RV of the day 期间，我知道我会陷得太深。

Issue 173		U; W
src: At some point that month, during my last day of going RV of the day, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 那个月的某个时候，也就是我去房车的最后一天，我知道我会掉得太深。
ref: 那个月的某个时候，也就是【当天】我「去房车」的最后一天，我知道我会掉得太深。

Issue 174		U
src: At some point that month, during my last weekend of going RV of the day, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 那个月的某个时候，也就是我去房车旅行的最后一个周末，我知道自己会陷得太深。
ref: 那个月的某个时候，也就是【…】我去房车旅行的最后一个周末，我知道自己会陷得太深。

Issue 175		W
src: At some point that month, during my last month of going RV of the day, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 那个月的某个时候，也就是我今天去房车的最后一个月，我知道我会跌得太深。

Issue 176		U; W
src: At some point that month, during my last episode of going RV of the week, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 那个月的某个时候，在我参加本周 RV 的最后一集期间，我知道我会陷入太深。
ref: 那个月的某个时候，在我「参加本周 RV 」的最后一集期间，我知道我会陷入太深。

Issue 177		U; W
src: At some point that month, during my last episode of going RV of the century, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 那个月的某个时候，在我参加本世纪 RV 的最后一集期间，我知道我会陷入太深。

Issue 178		U; W
src: At some point that month, during my last episode of going RV of the month, I knew I wouldd fallen too deep.
tar: 那个月的某个时候，在我参加本月 RV 的最后一集期间，我知道我会陷入太深。

Issue 179		L; N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the trend by producing a TV commercial from the original video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball playoffs.
tar: TikTok 利用这一趋势，利用原始视频及其仿制品制作了电视广告，该视频在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。
ref: 「TikTok」 利用这一趋势，利用原始视频及其仿制品制作了电视广告，「该视频【广告】」在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。

Issue 180		L; N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the controversy by producing a TV commercial from the original video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball playoffs.
tar: TikTok 利用原视频及其仿制品制作了电视广告，在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出了这一争议。
ref: 「TikTok」 【(已经)利用这一争议，】利用原视频及其仿制品制作了电视广告，在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间「播出了这一争议」。

Issue 181		L; N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the notoriety by producing a TV commercial from the original video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball playoffs.
tar: TikTok 利用原始视频及其仿制品制作了电视广告，并在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出了这一恶名。

Issue 182		N; U
src: TikTok has capitalized on the fame by producing a TV commercial from the original video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball playoffs.
tar: TikTok 利用原视频及其仿制品制作了电视广告，并在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。
ref: 「TikTok」 【(已经)利用了这一名声，】利用原视频及其仿制品制作了电视广告，并在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。

Issue 183		L; N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the trend by producing a radio commercial from the original video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball playoffs.
tar: TikTok 利用这一趋势，根据在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出的原始视频及其仿制品制作了一个广播广告。
ref: 「TikTok」 利用这一趋势，根据「在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出的原始视频」及其仿制品制作了一个广播广告。

Issue 184		L; N; U
src: TikTok has capitalized on the trend by producing a parody commercial from the original video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball playoffs.
tar: TikTok 利用这一趋势制作了模仿原始视频及其仿制品的广告，该视频在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。
ref: 「TikTok」 利用这一趋势制作了「模仿」原始视频及其仿制品的【拙劣模仿的】广告，「该视频」在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。

Issue 185		L; N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the trend by producing a TV commercial from the first video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball playoffs.
tar: TikTok 利用这一趋势，将第一个视频及其仿制品制作成电视广告，该视频在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。
ref: 「TikTok」 利用这一趋势，将第一个视频及其仿制品制作成电视广告，「该视频」在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。

Issue 186		N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the trend by producing a TV commercial from the aforementioned video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball playoffs.
tar: TikTok 利用上述视频及其仿制品制作了电视广告，并在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。
ref: 「TikTok」 利用上述视频及其仿制品制作了电视广告，并在美国职业棒球大联盟季后赛期间播出。

Issue 187		L; N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the trend by producing a TV commercial from the original video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball games.
tar: TikTok 利用这一趋势，根据在美国职业棒球大联盟比赛期间播出的原始视频及其仿制品制作了电视广告。
ref: 「TikTok」 利用这一趋势，根据「在美国职业棒球大联盟比赛期间播出的原始视频」及其仿制品制作了电视广告。

Issue 188		L; N
src: TikTok has capitalized on the trend by producing a TV commercial from the original video and its knockoffs, which aired during Major League Baseball seasons.
tar: TikTok 利用这一趋势，根据在美国职业棒球大联盟赛季播出的原始视频及其仿制品制作了电视广告。

Issue 189		N
src: China Literature Corporate released a White Book of 2020 Chinese Online Literature Going Forward during the First Shanghai International Online Literature Week.
tar: 阅文集团在首届上海国际网络文学周期间发布了《2020中国网络文学前行》白皮书。
ref: 阅文集团在首届上海国际网络文学周期间发布了《2020中国网络文学「前行」》白皮书。

Issue 190		N
src: China Literature Corporate released a White Book of 2020 Chinese Online Literature Going Ahead during the First Shanghai International Online Literature Week.
tar: 阅文集团在首届上海国际网络文学周期间发布了《2020中国网络文学前行》白皮书。

Issue 191		U
src: China Literature Corporate released a White Book of 2020 Chinese Online Literature Going Global during the First Annual International Online Literature Week.
tar: 阅文集团在首届国际网络文学周期间发布了《2020中国网络文学走出去白皮书》。
ref: 阅文集团在首届【年度】国际网络文学周期间发布了《2020中国网络文学走出去白皮书》。

Issue 192		U
src: For this reason sculptor Wu Weishan has centered his work around depicting prominent figures in Chinese history, especially the military, for several centuries.
tar: 出于这个原因，雕塑家吴为山几个世纪以来一直专注于描绘中国历史上的杰出人物，尤其是军事人物。
ref: 出于这个原因，雕塑家吴为山几个世纪以来【的工作】一直专注于描绘中国历史上的杰出人物，尤其是军事人物。

Issue 193		W
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 一座座极具地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代化的城镇拔地而起，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，充满生机的农田随着大型机械的运转而嗡嗡作响。
ref: 一座座极具地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代化的城镇「拔地而起【巍然屹立/高耸】」，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，充满生机的农田随着大型机械的运转而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 194		W
src: New residences with architectural features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 富有建筑特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代化的城镇拔地而起，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田随着大型机械的运转而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 195		W
src: New residences with local amenities rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 拥有当地便利设施的新住宅拔地而起，现代化的城镇拔地而起，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田随着大型机械的运转而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 196		W
src: New residences with local gardens rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 带有当地花园的新住宅拔地而起，现代化的城镇拔地而起，平坦而宽阔的道路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田随着大型机械的运转而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 197		W
src: New residences with local streets rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 新住宅连同地方街道拔地而起，现代化城镇拔地而起，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田随着大型机械的运转而嗡嗡作响。
ref: 新住宅「连同地方街道」拔地而起，现代化城镇「拔地而起」，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田随着大型机械的运转而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 198		U; W
src: New residences with local features rise from the countryside, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 乡间拔地而起的具有地方特色的新住宅，现代化的城镇拔地而起，平坦宽阔的马路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田，大型机械的运转。
ref: 乡间拔地而起的具有地方特色的新住宅，现代化的城镇「拔地而起」，平坦宽阔的马路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田，「大型机械的运转【…】」。

Issue 199		W
src: New residences with local features rise from the suburbs, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 具有地方特色的新住宅从郊区拔地而起，现代化的城镇拔地而起，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田随着大型机械的运转而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 200		W
src: New residences with local features rise from the hillside, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 一座座极具地方特色的新住宅依山而建，现代化的城镇高耸入云，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田里，大型机械的运转声此起彼伏。
ref: 一座座极具地方特色的新住宅「依山而建」，现代化的城镇高耸入云，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田里，大型机械的「运转声此起彼伏」。

Issue 201		W
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, new towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，新城拔地而起，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田里，大型机械的运转嗡嗡作响。
ref: 具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，新城「拔地而起」，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田里，大型机械的运转嗡嗡作响。

Issue 202		W
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, whole towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 一座座具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，一座座城镇拔地而起，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，充满生机的农田随着大型机械的运转而嗡嗡作响。
ref: 一座座具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，「一座座【整座】」城镇「拔地而起」，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，充满生机的农田随着大型机械的运转而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 203		W
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern structures stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 一座座富有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代化的建筑拔地而起，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田里，大型机械的运转嗡嗡作响。

Issue 204		W
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern factories stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 一座座极具地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代化的厂房拔地而起，平坦宽阔的马路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田里，大型机械的运转嗡嗡作响。

Issue 205		U; W
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, broad and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 一座座具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代化的城镇拔地而起，宽阔的道路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田随着大型机械的运转而嗡嗡作响。
ref: 一座座具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代化的城镇拔地而起，【宽广】宽阔的道路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田随着大型机械的运转而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 206		W
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, clear and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 一座座具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代化的城镇拔地而起，清晰宽阔的道路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田随着大型机械的运转而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 207		W
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and narrow roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 一座座具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代化的城镇拔地而起，平坦狭窄的道路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田里，大型机械的运转嗡嗡作响。

Issue 208		W
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of machinery buzz with activity of large machinery.
tar: 一座座具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，一座座现代化的城镇拔地而起，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，满是机械的农田里，大型机械的运转嗡嗡作响。

Issue 209		W
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life hum with activity of large machinery.
tar: 一座座具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代化的城镇拔地而起，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田随着大型机械的运转嗡嗡作响。

Issue 210		W
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of modern machinery.
tar: 一座座具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，一座座现代化的城镇拔地而起，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，一片生机勃勃的农田在现代机械的运转中嗡嗡作响。
ref: 一座座具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，一座座现代化的城镇「拔地而起」，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，一片生机勃勃的农田「在现代机械的运转中」嗡嗡作响。

Issue 211		W
src: New residences with local features rise from the ground, modern towns stand tall, flat and wide roads stretch far away, farmlands full of life buzz with activity of huge machinery.
tar: 一座座具有地方特色的新住宅拔地而起，现代化的城镇拔地而起，平坦宽阔的道路向远方延伸，生机勃勃的农田随着巨大机械的运转而嗡嗡作响。

Issue 212		U
src: However, the local government plans to drain the water in the reservoir to help protect the murals and paintings, according to Lu Xiushan with the Wuwei Tianti Mountain Grottoes protection research center.
tar: 然而，据武威天梯山石窟保护研究中心卢秀山介绍，当地政府计划将水库中的水抽干，以帮助保护壁画。
ref: 然而，据武威天梯山石窟保护研究中心卢秀山介绍，当地政府计划将水库中的水抽干，以帮助保护壁画【和画作】。

Issue 213		N
src: In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with passion and puts much effort into preparing her very effective talks.
tar: 在曾与她共事过的张洛薇看来，陈女士对待工作充满热情，为准备非常有效的演讲付出了很多努力。
ref: 在曾与她共事过的张洛薇看来，陈「女士」对待工作充满热情，为准备非常有效的演讲付出了很多努力。

Issue 214		N
src: In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with passion and puts immense effort into preparing her very effective talks.
tar: 在曾与她共事过的张洛薇看来，陈女士对待工作充满热情，并为准备非常有效的演讲付出了巨大的努力。
ref: 在曾与她共事过的张洛薇看来，陈「女士」对待工作充满热情，并为准备非常有效的演讲付出了巨大的努力。

Issue 215		U
src: In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with passion and puts much care into preparing her very effective talks.
tar: 在曾与她共事过的张洛薇看来，陈以热情的态度对待她的工作，并用心准备她非常有效的演讲。
ref: 在曾与她共事过的张洛薇看来，陈以热情的态度对待她的工作，并【非常】用心准备她非常有效的演讲。

Issue 216		U
src: In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with passion and puts much effort into preparing her very important talks.
tar: 在曾与她共事过的张洛薇看来，陈以满腔热情对待自己的工作，为她非常重要的会谈付出了很多努力。
ref: 在曾与她共事过的张洛薇看来，陈以满腔热情对待自己的工作，为【准备】她非常重要的会谈付出了很多努力。

Issue 217		L; U
src: In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with passion and puts much effort into preparing her very public talks.
tar: 在曾与她共事过的张洛薇看来，陈对工作充满热情，并为她的公开演讲做了大量准备。
ref: 在曾与她共事过的张洛薇看来，陈对工作充满热情，并「为她的公开演讲做了大量准备【为 准备 他 非常 公开的演讲 付出了很多努力】」。

Issue 218		U
src: In the eyes of Zhang Luowei, who has worked with her, Chen approaches her job with passion and puts much effort into preparing her very difficult talks.
tar: 在曾与她共事过的张洛薇看来，陈是满怀热情地对待自己的工作，为她艰难的会谈付出了很多努力。
ref: 在曾与她共事过的张洛薇看来，陈是满怀热情地对待自己的工作，为【准备】她【非常】艰难的会谈付出了很多努力。

Issue 219		L
src: In the end, the locals agree to work with her in growing tea and selling the products on e-commerce platforms, which leads the village out of poverty.
tar: 最终，当地人同意与她一起种茶，并在电商平台上销售产品，带领村子脱贫。
ref: 最终，当地人同意与她一起种茶，并在电商平台上销售产品，【这/从而】带领村子脱贫。

Issue 220		L
src: In the film, the locals agree to work with her in growing tea and selling the products on e-commerce platforms, which leads the village out of poverty.
tar: 影片中，当地人同意与她一起种茶，并在电商平台上销售产品，带领村子脱贫。
ref: 影片中，当地人同意与她一起种茶，并在电商平台上销售产品，【…】带领村子脱贫。

Issue 221		L
src: In the aftermath, the locals agree to work with her in growing tea and selling the products on e-commerce platforms, which leads the village out of poverty.
tar: 事后，当地人同意与她合作种植茶叶，并在电商平台上销售产品，带领该村脱贫。

Issue 222		L
src: In the end, the locals agree to work with her in growing rice and selling the products on e-commerce platforms, which leads the village out of poverty.
tar: 最终，当地人同意与她合作种植水稻，并在电商平台上销售产品，带领该村脱贫。

Issue 223		L
src: In the end, the locals agree to work with her in growing tea and selling the products on e-commerce channels, which leads the village out of poverty.
tar: 最终，当地人同意与她合作种植茶叶，并在电商渠道销售产品，带领该村脱贫。

Issue 224		L
src: In the end, the locals agree to work with her in growing tea and selling the products on e-commerce platforms, which leads the group out of poverty.
tar: 最终，当地人同意与她一起种植茶叶，并在电商平台上销售产品，带领团队脱贫。

Issue 225		L
src: In the end, the locals agree to work with her in growing tea and selling the products on e-commerce platforms, which leads the village out of business.
tar: 最后，当地人同意和她一起种茶，并在电商平台上销售产品，导致村子倒闭。

Issue 226		L
src: Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch prestige sports.
tar: 通常情况下，我会因为我的工作而看大量的体育电视节目，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的知名体育节目。
ref: 通常情况下，我会因为我的【体育(方面的)】工作而看大量的「体育」电视节目，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的知名体育节目。

Issue 227		O
src: Fortunately, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch prestige sports.
tar: 幸运的是，为了我的体育报道工作，我看了很多电视节目，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的知名体育节目。
ref: 幸运的是，为了我的体育「报道」工作，我看了很多电视节目，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的知名体育节目。

Issue 228		O
src: Actually, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch prestige sports.
tar: 事实上，我为了报道体育赛事而看了大量电视节目，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，我有一长串必看的知名体育节目。
ref: 事实上，我为了「报道体育赛事」而看了大量电视节目，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，我有一长串必看的知名体育节目。

Issue 229		L; W
src: Typically, I watch a great deal of action for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch prestige sports.
tar: 通常，我会为了我的工作而观看大量的体育赛事，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的知名体育赛事。
ref: 通常，我会为了我的工作而观看大量的「体育赛事」，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的知名体育「赛事」。

Issue 230		L
src: Typically, I watch a great deal of content for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch prestige sports.
tar: 通常，我会为我的工作看很多体育内容，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的知名体育节目。
ref: 通常，我会为我的【体育】工作看很多「体育」内容，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的知名体育节目。

Issue 231		L
src: Typically, I watch a great deal of video for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch prestige sports.
tar: 通常，我会为我的工作观看大量体育视频，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的知名体育节目。

Issue 232		L; U
src: Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my work covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch prestige sports.
tar: 通常情况下，我会看很多关于体育的电视节目，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的知名体育节目。
ref: 通常情况下，我会【…】看很多「关于体育的电视节目」，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的知名体育节目。

Issue 233		L
src: Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my time covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch prestige sports.
tar: 通常情况下，我会花时间看大量体育节目的电视节目，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的知名体育节目。
ref: 通常情况下，我会「花时间看大量体育节目的电视节目」，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的知名体育节目。

Issue 234		L
src: Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my money covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch prestige sports.
tar: 通常，我会花钱看很多体育电视节目，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的知名体育节目。

Issue 235		L
src: Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my career covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch prestige sports.
tar: 通常，在我的职业生涯中，我会看很多关于体育的电视节目，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的知名体育节目。
ref: 通常，在我的【体育】职业生涯中，我会看很多关于「体育」的电视节目，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的知名体育节目。

Issue 236		L; W
src: Typically, I watch a great deal of television for my job covering sports, especially during Emmy season, when I have a lengthy list of must-watch prestige awards.
tar: 通常，我会因为我的工作而看很多电视节目，包括体育节目，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的声望奖项。
ref: 通常，我会因为我的【…】工作而看很多电视节目，「包括体育节目」，尤其是在艾美奖颁奖季，那时我有一长串必看的「声望【知名】」奖项。

Issue 237		W
src: It’s a way of portraying these nations as agents for good in the world, rather than necessarily interrogating the parts of the history which makes them something very different.
tar: 这是一种将这些国家描绘成世界上善良的代理人的方式，而不是一定要审问那些使他们变得非常不同的历史部分。
ref: 这是一种将这些国家描绘成世界上「善良【向善】」的代理人的方式，而不是一定要审问那些使他们变得非常不同的历史部分。

Issue 238		W
src: It’s a way of portraying these nations as actors for good in the world, rather than necessarily interrogating the parts of the history which makes them something very different.
tar: 这是一种将这些国家描绘成世界上善良的演员的方式，而不是一定要审问那些使他们变得非常不同的历史部分。

Issue 239		U
src: The director not only focuses on the crime, but also displays the light and dark side of humanity, primarily through a dialogue between the protagonist and his former schoolmate.
tar: 导演不仅关注犯罪，还通过主人公和他以前的同学之间的对话来展示人性的光明面和阴暗面。
ref: 导演不仅关注犯罪，还【主要】通过主人公和他以前的同学之间的对话来展示人性的光明面和阴暗面。

Issue 240		W
src: The plot not only focuses on the crime, but also displays the light and dark side of humanity, primarily through a dialogue between the protagonist and his former schoolmate.
tar: 剧情不仅围绕犯罪展开，还主要通过主人公与昔日同学的对话，展现人性的光明面与阴暗面。

Issue 241		U
src: Most industry insiders interviewed by China daily say the Chinese film industry is recovering better and faster than they had estimated, thanks to the government's efficient control of COVID-19.
tar: 接受《中国日报》采访的大多数业内人士表示，由于政府对 COVID-19 的有效控制，中国电影业的复苏比他们预想的更好更快。
ref: 接受《中国日报》采访的大多数业内人士表示，由于政府对 「COVID-19」 的有效控制，中国电影业「的复苏比他们预想的更好更快【正 比他们曾估计的 更好更快地 复苏】」。

Issue 242		O; U
src: Most industry insiders interviewed by China daily say the Chinese auto industry is recovering better and faster than they had estimated, thanks to the government's efficient control of COVID-19.
tar: 接受《中国日报》采访的大多数业内人士表示，由于政府对 COVID-19 的有效控制，中国汽车行业的复苏速度比他们预期的要好和快。
ref: 接受《中国日报》采访的大多数业内人士表示，由于政府对 「COVID-19」 的有效控制，中国汽车行业「的复苏速度比他们预期的要好和快【正 比他们曾估计的 更好更快地 复苏】」。

Issue 243		O; U
src: Most industry insiders interviewed by China daily say the Chinese steel industry is recovering better and faster than they had estimated, thanks to the government's efficient control of COVID-19.
tar: 接受中国日报采访的大多数业内人士表示，由于政府对 COVID-19 的有效控制，中国钢铁行业的复苏速度比他们预期的要好和快。

Issue 244		U
src: Most industry insiders interviewed by China daily say the Chinese film industry is recovering better and faster than they had estimated, thanks to the company's efficient control of COVID-19.
tar: 接受《中国日报》采访的大多数业内人士表示，得益于公司对 COVID-19 的有效控制，中国电影业的复苏比他们预期的要好、要快。

Issue 245		U
src: Most industry insiders interviewed by China daily say the Chinese film industry is recovering better and faster than they had estimated, thanks to the government's new control of COVID-19.
tar: 接受《中国日报》采访的大多数业内人士表示，由于政府对 COVID-19 的新控制，中国电影业的复苏比他们预期的要好和快。

Issue 246		W
src: Due to the unique mountain formation and its rock mass composed of sandstones and conglomerates, the grottoes can easily crack and flake, compounding the restoration difficulties.
tar: 由于山体构造独特，岩体由砂岩、砾岩组成，石窟极易开裂剥落，修复难度大。
ref: 由于山体构造独特，岩体由砂岩、砾岩组成，石窟极易开裂剥落，「修复难度大【加重了修复难度】」。

Issue 247		W
src: Due to the volcanic mountain formation and its rock mass composed of sandstones and conglomerates, the grottoes can easily crack and flake, compounding the restoration difficulties.
tar: 由于火山山地构造，岩体由砂岩、砾岩组成，石窟易开裂、剥落，修复困难重重。
ref: 由于火山山地构造，岩体由砂岩、砾岩组成，石窟易开裂、剥落，「修复困难重重」。

Issue 248		W
src: Due to the unique mountain formation and its rock mass composed of sandstones and conglomerates, the grottoes can frequently crack and flake, compounding the restoration difficulties.
tar: 由于山体构造独特，岩体由砂岩、砾岩构成，石窟经常开裂、剥落，修复困难重重。
ref: 由于山体构造独特，岩体由砂岩、砾岩构成，石窟经常开裂、剥落，「修复困难重重」。

Issue 249		W
src: Due to the unique mountain formation and its rock mass composed of sandstones and conglomerates, the grottoes can easily crack and flake, compounding the restoration issues.
tar: 由于独特的山形及其由砂岩和砾岩组成的岩体，石窟很容易开裂和剥落，使修复问题更加复杂。
ref: 由于独特的山形及其由砂岩和砾岩组成的岩体，石窟很容易开裂和剥落，「使修复问题更加复杂」。

Issue 250		L
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 未来五年内，将建立起国家和地方政府部门密切合作、公众积极参与的动态保护体系。
ref: 未来五年内，将建立起【使】国家和地方政府部门【在公众的积极参与下 (能够)】密切合作「、公众积极参与」的动态保护体系。

Issue 251		L
src: Within the first five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 在第一个五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，使国家和地方政府部门密切合作，公众积极参与。
ref: 在第一个五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，使国家和地方政府部门【…】密切合作「，公众积极参与」。

Issue 252		L
src: Within the next five years, a nationwide system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 未来五年内，要建立覆盖全国的保护体系，使国家和地方政府部门密切合作，公众积极参与。

Issue 253		L; W
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for cooperation is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 未来五年内，将建立一个充满活力的合作体系，使国家和地方政府部门密切合作，公众积极参与。
ref: 未来五年内，将建立一个「充满活力的【动态】」合作体系，使国家和地方政府部门【…】密切合作「，公众积极参与」。

Issue 254		L
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable effective cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 未来五年内，将建立动态的保护体系，使国家和地方政府部门有效合作，公众积极参与。

Issue 255		L; W
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable efficient cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 未来五年内，将建立动态保护体系，实现国家和地方政府部门高效合作，公众积极参与。
ref: 未来五年内，将建立动态保护体系，「实现」国家和地方政府部门【…】高效合作「，公众积极参与」。

Issue 256		L
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable increased cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 在未来五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，以加强国家和地方政府部门之间的合作以及公众的积极参与。
ref: 在未来五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，以「加强国家和地方政府部门之间的合作以及公众的积极参与」。

Issue 257		L; U; W
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among central and local government departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 5年内，建立中央和地方密切配合、群众积极参与的动态保护体系。
ref: 【未来】5年内，建立中央和地方【政府部门】「密切配合、群众积极参与」的动态保护体系。

Issue 258		L
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among provincial and local government departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 未来五年内，将建立动态保护机制，实现省和地方政府部门密切合作，公众积极参与。
ref: 未来五年内，将建立动态保护机制，实现省和地方政府部门【…】密切合作「，公众积极参与」。

Issue 259		L
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and municipal government departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 未来5年内，建立国家和市政府部门密切合作、公众积极参与的动态保护体系。
ref: 未来5年内，建立国家和市政府部门「密切合作、公众积极参与的」动态保护体系。

Issue 260		L
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local police departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 在未来五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，使国家和地方警察部门密切合作，公众积极参与。
ref: 在未来五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，使国家和地方警察部门【…】密切合作「，公众积极参与」。

Issue 261		L
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local conservation departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 在未来五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，使国家和地方保护部门密切合作，公众积极参与。

Issue 262		L
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local protection departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 在未来五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，使国家和地方保护部门密切合作，公众积极参与。

Issue 263		L
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local fire departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 在未来五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，使国家和地方消防部门密切合作，公众积极参与。

Issue 264		L
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local health departments with active participation of the public.
tar: 在未来五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，使国家和地方卫生部门密切合作，公众积极参与。

Issue 265		L
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the community.
tar: 在未来五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，使国家和地方政府部门密切合作，社区积极参与。
ref: 在未来五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，使国家和地方政府部门【…】密切合作「，社区积极参与」。

Issue 266		L
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the population.
tar: 在未来五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，使国家和地方政府部门密切合作，民众积极参与。

Issue 267		L; W
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the youth.
tar: 在未来五年内，将建立一个充满活力的保护体系，使国家和地方政府部门密切合作，青年积极参与。
ref: 在未来五年内，将建立一个「充满活力的【动态】」保护体系，使国家和地方政府部门【…】密切合作「，青年积极参与」。

Issue 268		L
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the police.
tar: 在未来五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，使国家和地方政府部门密切合作，警方积极参与。

Issue 269		L
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the citizen.
tar: 在未来五年内，将建立一个动态的保护系统，使国家和地方政府部门密切合作，公民积极参与。

Issue 270		L
src: Within the next five years, a dynamic system for protection is to be established to enable close cooperation among national and local government departments with active participation of the environment.
tar: 在未来五年内，将建立一个动态的保护体系，使国家和地方政府部门密切合作，环境积极参与。

Issue 271		U
src: When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration factory after leaving school in Beijing in 1987, chen had imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
tar: 1987 年离开北京后在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，陈曾幻想自己有一天会迷上跳舞。
ref: 1987 年离开北京【学校】后在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，陈曾幻想自己有一天会迷上跳舞。

Issue 272		U; W
src: When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration company after leaving school in Beijing in 1987, chen had imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
tar: 1987 年，她在北京辍学后在一家制冷公司接受统计员培训时，曾幻想自己有一天会迷上跳舞。
ref: 1987 年，她在北京「辍学【离开学校】」后在一家制冷公司接受统计员培训时，【陈】曾幻想自己有一天会迷上跳舞。

Issue 273		U
src: When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after leaving home in Beijing in 1987, chen had imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
tar: 1987 年离开北京后在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，陈曾幻想自己有一天会迷上跳舞。
ref: 1987 年离开北京【的家】后在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，陈曾幻想自己有一天会迷上跳舞。

Issue 274		U; W
src: When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after leaving school in Singapore in 1987, chen had imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
tar: 1987 年，她从新加坡学校毕业后在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，曾想象自己有一天会迷上跳舞。
ref: 1987 年，她「从新加坡学校毕业」后在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，【陈】曾想象自己有一天会迷上跳舞。

Issue 275		U; W
src: When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after leaving school in Japan in 1987, chen had imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
tar: 1987 年，她从日本学校毕业后在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，曾幻想自己有一天会迷上跳舞。

Issue 276		U
src: When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after leaving school in Beijing in 1994, chen had imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
tar: 1994 年离开北京的学校后，她在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，曾幻想自己有一天会迷上跳舞。
ref: 1994 年离开北京的学校后，她在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，【陈】曾幻想自己有一天会迷上跳舞。

Issue 277		U
src: When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after leaving school in Beijing in 2002, chen had imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
tar: 2002 年离开北京后，她在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，曾幻想自己有一天会迷上跳舞。
ref: 2002 年离开北京【的学校】后，她在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，【陈】曾幻想自己有一天会迷上跳舞。

Issue 278		U
src: When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after leaving school in Beijing in 1990, chen had imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
tar: 1990 年离开北京的学校后，她在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，曾幻想自己有一天会迷上跳舞。

Issue 279		U
src: When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after leaving school in Beijing in 2001, chen had imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
tar: 2001 年离开北京后，她在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，曾幻想自己有一天会迷上跳舞。

Issue 280		U
src: When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after leaving school in Beijing in 2000, chen had imagined that she would one day become obsessed with dancing.
tar: 2000 年离开北京后，她在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，曾幻想自己有一天会迷上跳舞。

Issue 281		U
src: When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after leaving school in Beijing in 1987, chen had imagined that she would one day become synonymous with dancing.
tar: 1987 年离开北京后在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，陈曾幻想自己有一天会成为舞蹈的代名词。
ref: 1987 年离开北京【…】后在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，陈曾幻想自己有一天会成为舞蹈的代名词。

Issue 282		U
src: When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after leaving school in Beijing in 1987, chen had imagined that she would one day become famous with dancing.
tar: 1987 年离开北京后在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，陈曾幻想自己有一天会因跳舞而出名。

Issue 283		U
src: When she was trained as a statistician at a refrigeration plant after leaving school in Beijing in 1987, chen had imagined that she would one day become obsessed with cooking.
tar: 1987 年离开北京后在一家制冷厂接受统计员培训时，陈曾想象自己有一天会迷上烹饪。

Issue 284		U
src: The restoration work on relocated frescos and colored glass from the Tianti Mountain Grottoes, some of China's best, has been completed local authorities day on Friday.
tar: 中国最好的天梯山石窟壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已于周五地方政府日完成。
ref: 中国最好的天梯山石窟【的 重新安置/迁移的】壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已于周五地方政府日完成。

Issue 285		U
src: The restoration work on relocated frescos and colored glass from the Tianti Mountain Grottoes, some of China's oldest, has been completed local authorities day on Friday.
tar: 中国最古老的天梯山石窟的壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已于周五完成。
ref: 中国最古老的天梯山石窟的【…】壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已于周五【…】完成。

Issue 286		U
src: The restoration work on relocated frescos and colored glass from the Tianti Mountain Grottoes, some of China's longest, has been completed local authorities day on Friday.
tar: 中国最长的石窟天梯山石窟的壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已于周五地方政府日完成。
ref: 中国最长的石窟天梯山石窟的【…】壁画和彩色玻璃的修复工作已于周五地方政府日完成。

Issue 287		N
src: Chappelle said Trump's special treatment while he was there was like taking a plate of burgers to a homeless shelter, eating them in front of the homeless and saying.
tar: Chappelle 说特朗普在那里的特殊待遇就像把一盘汉堡带到无家可归者收容所，在无家可归者面前吃它们并说。
ref: 「Chappelle」 说特朗普在那里的特殊待遇就像把一盘汉堡带到无家可归者收容所，在无家可归者面前吃它们并说。

Issue 288		N
src: Chappelle said Colbert's special treatment while he was there was like taking a plate of burgers to a homeless shelter, eating them in front of the homeless and saying.
tar: Chappelle 说，科尔伯特在那里时受到的特殊待遇就像是把一盘汉堡带到无家可归者收容所，在无家可归者面前吃，然后说。

Issue 289		N; U
src: Chappelle said Trump's medical treatment while he was there was like taking a plate of burgers to a homeless shelter, eating them in front of the homeless and saying.
tar: Chappelle 说，特朗普在那里的治疗就像是把一盘汉堡带到流浪者收容所，当着流浪者的面吃，然后说。
ref: 「Chappelle」 说，特朗普在那里的「治疗【医疗待遇】」就像是把一盘汉堡带到流浪者收容所，当着流浪者的面吃，然后说。

Issue 290		N
src: Chappelle said Trump's poor treatment while he was there was like taking a plate of burgers to a homeless shelter, eating them in front of the homeless and saying.
tar: Chappelle 说，特朗普在那里时受到的恶劣对待就像是把一盘汉堡带到流浪者收容所，当着流浪者的面吃，然后说。

Issue 291		N; W
src: Chappelle said Trump's emotional treatment while he was there was like taking a plate of burgers to a homeless shelter, eating them in front of the homeless and saying.
tar: Chappelle 说，特朗普在场时的情绪化对待就像是把一盘汉堡带到流浪者收容所，在流浪者面前吃完然后说。
ref: 「Chappelle」 说，特朗普「在场时」的情绪化「对待【待遇】」就像是把一盘汉堡带到流浪者收容所，在流浪者面前「吃完」然后说。

Issue 292		N; W
src: Chappelle said Trump's special treatment while he was there was like taking a plate of burgers to a homeless shelter, eating them in front of the shelter and saying.
tar: Chappelle 说，特朗普在那里的特殊待遇就像把一盘汉堡带到无家可归者收容所，在收容所前吃完并说。
ref: 「Chappelle」 说，特朗普在那里的特殊待遇就像把一盘汉堡带到无家可归者收容所，在收容所前「吃完」并说。

Issue 293		N
src: Duchovny has been making music for years and said he started with writing poetry when he was a child and moved on to learning how to play guitar and sing songs.
tar: Duchovny 多年来一直从事音乐创作，他说他从小就开始写诗，然后开始学习如何弹吉他和唱歌。
ref: 「Duchovny」 多年来一直从事音乐创作，他说他从小就开始写诗，然后开始学习如何弹吉他和唱歌。

Issue 294		N
src: Duchovny has been making music for decades and said he started with writing poetry when he was a child and moved on to learning how to play guitar and sing songs.
tar: Duchovny 几十年来一直在做音乐，他说他从小就开始写诗，然后开始学习如何弹吉他和唱歌。

Issue 295		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 三位大师的作品将展出，以纪念他们勇于挑战僵化的学术规则和实验精神，将悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。
ref: 三位【艺术】大师的作品将展出，以纪念他们勇于挑战僵化的学术规则和实验精神，将悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 296		U
src: On view will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 三位艺术大师的作品标志着他们勇于挑战僵化的学术规则和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。
ref: 【将展出的】三位艺术大师的作品标志着他们勇于挑战僵化的学术规则和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 297		U
src: On show will be works by the five master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 五位艺术大师的作品将展示他们勇于挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。
ref: 五位艺术大师的作品将展示【以纪念/标志】他们勇于挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 298		U
src: On show will be works by the four master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 四位艺术大师的作品将展示他们勇于挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 299		U
src: On show will be works by the two master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 此次展出的两位艺术大师的作品标志着他们勇于挑战僵化的学术规则和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。
ref: 此次【将】展出的两位艺术大师的作品标志着他们勇于挑战僵化的学术规则和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 300		U
src: On show will be works by the seven master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 展出七位艺术大师的作品，以纪念他们勇于挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 301		U
src: On show will be works by the three master students to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 三位硕士生的作品将展示他们勇于挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。
ref: 三位硕士生的作品将展示【以标志/纪念】他们勇于挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 302		U
src: On show will be works by the three master painters to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 三位绘画大师的作品将展示他们勇于挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 303		L; U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their effort to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 三位大师的作品将展出，以纪念他们挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将悠久的艺术形式带入新时代的努力。
ref: 三位【艺术】大师的作品将展出，以纪念他们挑战僵硬的学术规则【的努力】和实验精神，将悠久的艺术形式带入新时代「的努力」。

Issue 304		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their journey to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 三位大师的作品将展出，以纪念他们挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将悠久的艺术形式带入新时代的旅程。

Issue 305		L; U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their intention to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 三位大师的作品将展出，标志着他们挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神的意图，将悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。
ref: 三位【艺术】大师的作品将展出，标志着他们挑战僵硬的学术规则【的意图】和实验精神「的意图」，将悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 306		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge strict academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 三位大师的作品将展出，以纪念他们勇于挑战严格的学术规则和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 307		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid artistic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 三位艺术大师的作品将展示他们勇于挑战僵硬的艺术规则和实验精神，将悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 308		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid cultural rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 三位大师的作品将展出，以纪念他们勇于挑战僵化的文化规则和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 309		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid social rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 三位大师的作品将展出，以纪念他们勇于挑战僵化的社会规则和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 310		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic norms and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 三位大师的作品将展出，以纪念他们勇于挑战僵化的学术规范和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 311		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic values and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 三位大师的作品将展出，以纪念他们勇于挑战僵化的学术价值观和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 312		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic boundaries and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 三位艺术大师的作品将展示他们勇于挑战严格的学术界限和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。
ref: 三位艺术大师的作品「将展示 以纪念」他们勇于挑战严格的学术界限和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 313		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental practice to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 三位大师的作品将展出，以纪念他们勇于挑战严格的学术规则和实验实践，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 314		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental experimentation to usher a long-standing form of art into a new era.
tar: 三位大师的作品将展出，以纪念他们勇于挑战严格的学术规则和实验性实验，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 315		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing style of art into a new era.
tar: 三位艺术大师的作品将彰显他们勇于挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将源远流长的艺术风格带入新时代。

Issue 316		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing discipline of art into a new era.
tar: 三位艺术大师的作品将展示他们勇于挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术学科带入新时代。

Issue 317		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing field of art into a new era.
tar: 三位艺术大师的作品将彰显他们勇于挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将源远流长的艺术领域带入新时代。

Issue 318		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of scholarship into a new era.
tar: 三位大师的作品将展出，以纪念他们勇于挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将历史悠久的学术形式带入新时代。

Issue 319		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new age.
tar: 三位艺术大师的作品将展示他们勇于挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新时代。

Issue 320		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new generation.
tar: 三位艺术大师的作品将展示他们勇于挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将源远流长的艺术形式带入新一代。

Issue 321		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new millennium.
tar: 三位大师的作品将展出，以纪念他们勇于挑战僵化的学术规则和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新千年。

Issue 322		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new world.
tar: 三位大师的作品将展出，以纪念他们勇于挑战严格的学术规则和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入新世界。

Issue 323		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new direction.
tar: 三位大师的作品将展出，以纪念他们勇于挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将一种长期存在的艺术形式带入新的方向。

Issue 324		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new dimension.
tar: 三位艺术大师的作品将展示他们勇于挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将历史悠久的艺术形式带入一个新的维度。

Issue 325		U
src: On show will be works by the three master artists to mark their courage to challenge rigid academic rules and experimental spirit to usher a long-standing form of art into a new life.
tar: 三位艺术大师的作品将彰显他们勇于挑战僵硬的学术规则和实验精神，将源远流长的艺术形式带入新生活。

Issue 326		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动应用程序 Dragonfly FM 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，内容涵盖文学和英语。
ref: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动应用程序 「Dragonfly FM」 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，内容涵盖文学和英语。

Issue 327		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a partnership to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布与流行的移动应用程序 Dragonfly FM 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，内容涵盖文学和英语。
ref: 牛津大学出版社宣布【(一项)合作关系，】与流行的移动应用程序 「Dragonfly FM」 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，内容涵盖文学和英语。

Issue 328		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a deal to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布与流行的移动应用程序 Dragonfly FM 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，内容涵盖文学和英语。
ref: 牛津大学出版社宣布【…】与流行的移动应用程序 「Dragonfly FM」 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，内容涵盖文学和英语。

Issue 329		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a project to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布了一个项目，将与流行的移动应用程序 Dragonfly FM 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，内容涵盖文学和英语。

Issue 330		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a contract to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布与流行的移动应用程序 Dragonfly FM 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，内容涵盖文学和英语。
ref: 牛津大学出版社宣布【…】与流行的移动应用程序 「Dragonfly FM」 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，内容涵盖文学和英语。

Issue 331		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a collaboration to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布与流行的移动应用程序 Dragonfly FM 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，内容涵盖文学和英语。

Issue 332		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the mobile mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与移动应用程序 Dragonfly FM 合作，为三至四岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，内容涵盖文学和英语。
ref: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与【移动的】移动应用程序 「Dragonfly FM」 合作，为三至四岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，内容涵盖文学和英语。

Issue 333		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile station Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与热门移动电台 Dragonfly FM 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，内容涵盖文学和英语。

Issue 334		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of accessible English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动应用程序 Dragonfly FM 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列易于理解的英语音频课程，内容涵盖文学和英语。

Issue 335		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English language lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动应用程序 Dragonfly FM 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语课程，内容涵盖文学和英语。

Issue 336		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering reading and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动应用程序 Dragonfly FM 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖阅读和英语语言。

Issue 337		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering culture and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动应用程序 Dragonfly FM 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列涵盖文化和英语语言的在线英语音频课程。

Issue 338		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering grammar and English language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动应用程序 Dragonfly FM 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖语法和英语语言。

Issue 339		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and modern language.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动应用程序 Dragonfly FM 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖文学和现代语言。

Issue 340		U
src: Oxford University Press announced a plan to work with the popular mobile application Dragonfly FM to produce a series of online English audio lessons to children from three to four years old, covering literature and English culture.
tar: 牛津大学出版社宣布计划与流行的移动应用程序 Dragonfly FM 合作，为 3 至 4 岁的儿童制作一系列在线英语音频课程，涵盖文学和英语文化。

Issue 341		U
src: Parents are driving the sales of the original English books and books as they consider the readings not only a science education but a way to teach English, according to Guo.
tar: 郭说，家长们正在推动英文原版书籍的销售，因为他们认为阅读不仅是一种科学教育，而且是一种教英语的方式。
ref: 郭说，家长们正在推动英文原版书籍【和书籍】的销售，因为他们认为阅读不仅是一种科学教育，而且是一种教英语的方式。

Issue 342		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈却克服了重重困难进入当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。
ref: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈却克服了重重困难进入当代艺术世界，并成为了【游客们经常点名要求的】 「UCCA」 的一名教授「，游客们经常要求他们点名」。

Issue 343		L; N
src: While some students at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些学生被新移民甩在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。
ref: 虽然她学校的一些学生被新移民甩在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 【…】「UCCA」 的一名教授「，游客们经常要求他们点名」。

Issue 344		L; N
src: While some classes at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些课程已经被新移民遗弃，但陈已经克服困难进入当代艺术世界并成为 UCCA 的教授，游客经常要求他们点名。

Issue 345		L; N
src: While some others at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 当她学校的其他一些人被新移民抛在后面时，陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 346		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by illegal immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被非法移民留在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 347		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by Chinese immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被中国移民抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 348		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by recent immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 349		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by fellow immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被同胞移民抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 350		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by Korean immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被韩国移民抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 351		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new students, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新生甩在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 352		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new careers, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生已经被新的职业抛在后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，参观者经常要求他们点名。

Issue 353		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new graduates, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新毕业生甩在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 354		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new teachers, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新老师甩在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，参观者经常要求他们点名。

Issue 355		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new families, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新家庭抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 356		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new recruits, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新来的学生甩在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，参观者经常要求他们点名。

Issue 357		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new parents, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新父母抛下，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，参观者经常要求他们点名。

Issue 358		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new colleges, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新大学甩在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，参观者经常要求他们点名。

Issue 359		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the field of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈却克服困难进入当代艺术领域，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 360		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of modern art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈却克服了困难进入现代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 361		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of visual art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了视觉艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 362		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of Asian art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈却克服了困难进入亚洲艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 363		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of public art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了公共艺术领域，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 364		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of outsider art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈却克服了困难进入了局外人的艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 365		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of Chinese art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了中国艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 366		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary culture and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代文化世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 367		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary dance and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈却克服了困难进入现代舞世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 368		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary music and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代音乐的世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 369		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a curator at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生已被新移民抛在后面，但陈却克服困难进入当代艺术世界，并成为 UCCA 的策展人，游客经常要求他们点名。

Issue 370		N; U
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a resident at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了访客经常要求的 UCCA 常驻者。
ref: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了访客经常【点名】要求的 「UCCA」 常驻者。

Issue 371		N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a teacher at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了访问者经常点名要求的 UCCA 的一名教师。

Issue 372		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a guest at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民甩在了后面，但陈却克服困难进入当代艺术世界，并成为 UCCA 的嘉宾，游客们经常要求他们点名。
ref: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民甩在了后面，但陈却克服困难进入当代艺术世界，并成为 【…】「UCCA」 的嘉宾「，游客们经常要求他们点名」。

Issue 373		N; U
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a student at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈却克服了困难进入当代艺术世界，并成为访客经常要求的 UCCA 的学生。
ref: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈却克服了困难进入当代艺术世界，并成为访客经常【…】要求的 「UCCA」 的学生。

Issue 374		N; U
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a fellow at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生已被新移民抛在后面，但陈却克服困难进入当代艺术世界，并成为访客经常要求的 UCCA 研究员。

Issue 375		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a lecturer at UCCA that visitors often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名讲师，游客们经常要求他们点名。

Issue 376		N; U
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that students often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在后面，但陈却克服困难进入当代艺术世界，并成为学生们经常要求的 UCCA 教授。

Issue 377		N; U
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that people often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在后面，但陈却克服困难进入当代艺术世界，并成为人们经常要求的 UCCA 教授。

Issue 378		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that women often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈却克服了困难进入当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，女性经常要求他们点名。

Issue 379		N; U
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that fans often request by name.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在后面，但陈却克服困难进入当代艺术世界，并成为粉丝们经常要求的 UCCA 教授。

Issue 380		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by phone.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈却克服了困难进入当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客经常通过电话向他们求教。

Issue 381		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by mail.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常通过邮件申请。

Issue 382		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by telephone.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈却克服了困难进入当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客经常通过电话向他们求教。

Issue 383		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by email.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，访客经常通过电子邮件申请。

Issue 384		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by appointment.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的教授，访问者经常要求预约。

Issue 385		L; N
src: While some seniors at her school have been left behind by new immigrants, Chen has beaten the odds to enter the world of contemporary art and become a professor at UCCA that visitors often request by letter.
tar: 虽然她学校的一些高年级学生被新移民抛在了后面，但陈克服了困难进入了当代艺术世界，并成为了 UCCA 的一名教授，游客们经常通过信件向他们求教。

Issue 386		N; U
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行他今年的第一首新单曲时，Chan 想分享他受艾滋病影响的经历，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。
ref: 当他决定发行他今年的第一首新单曲时，「Chan」 想分享他受艾滋病【爆发】影响的经历【的感受】，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 387		N; U
src: When he decided to release his second new single of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行他今年的第二首新单曲时，Chan 想分享他受艾滋病爆发影响的经历，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。
ref: 当他决定发行他今年的第二首新单曲时，「Chan」 想分享他受艾滋病爆发影响的经历【…】，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 388		N
src: When he decided to release his next new single of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行今年的下一首新单曲时，Chan 想分享他对受艾滋病爆发影响的经历的感受，最重要的是，要让人们相信你并不孤单。
ref: 当他决定发行今年的下一首新单曲时，「Chan」 想分享他对受艾滋病爆发影响的经历的感受，最重要的是，要让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 389		N
src: When he decided to release his first digital single of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行他今年的第一首数字单曲时，Chan 想分享他对受艾滋病爆发影响的经历的感受，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 390		N; U
src: When he decided to release his first major single of this year, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行他今年的第一首主打单曲时，Chan 想分享他受艾滋病爆发影响的经历，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。
ref: 当他决定发行他今年的第一首主打单曲时，「Chan」 想分享他受艾滋病爆发影响的经历【…】，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 391		N; U
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this album, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行这张专辑的第一首新单曲时，Chan 想分享他受艾滋病爆发影响的经历，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 392		N; U
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this series, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行这个系列的第一首新单曲时，Chan 想分享他受艾滋病爆发影响的经历，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 393		N
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this genre, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行他的第一首这种类型的新单曲时，Chan 想分享他对受艾滋病爆发影响的经历的感受，最重要的是，要让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 394		N; U
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this project, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行这个项目的第一首新单曲时，Chan 想分享他受艾滋病爆发影响的经历，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 395		N
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this title, Chan wanted to share his feelings about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行他的第一首新单曲时，Chan 想分享他对受艾滋病爆发影响的经历的感受，最重要的是，要让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 396		N; U
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this year, Chan wanted to share his stories about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行他今年的第一首新单曲时，Chan 想分享他受艾滋病影响的经历的故事，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 397		N
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this year, Chan wanted to share his thoughts about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行他今年的第一首新单曲时，Chan 想分享他对受艾滋病爆发影响的经历的想法，最重要的是，要让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 398		N; O
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this year, Chan wanted to share his songs about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行他今年的第一首新单曲时，Chan 想分享他的歌曲，讲述受艾滋病爆发影响的经历，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。
ref: 当他决定发行他今年的第一首新单曲时，「Chan」 想分享他「的歌曲，讲述」受艾滋病爆发影响的经历【…】，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 399		N
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this year, Chan wanted to share his emotions about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行他今年的第一首新单曲时，Chan 想分享他受艾滋病爆发影响的经历的情绪，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 400		N
src: When he decided to release his first new single of this year, Chan wanted to share his memories about the experience of being affected by the aids outbreak and most importantly, to convince people that you are not alone.
tar: 当他决定发行他今年的第一首新单曲时，Chan 想分享他对受艾滋病爆发影响的经历的回忆，最重要的是，让人们相信你并不孤单。

Issue 401		U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Black Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: 碧昂斯以九项提名领跑该领域，其中 Black Parade 获得四项提名，Black Parade 是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。
ref: 碧昂斯以【总共】九项提名领跑该领域，其中 「Black Parade」 获得四项提名，「Black Parade」 是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 「Black Lives Matter」 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 402		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with eight nominations overall, and four for Black Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得八项提名，其中四项提名是 Black Parade，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。
ref: 「Beyoncé」 领跑该领域，总共获得八项提名，其中四项提名是 「Black Parade」，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 「Black Lives Matter」 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 403		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with seven nominations overall, and four for Black Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得七项提名，其中四项提名是 Black Parade，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 404		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with six nominations overall, and four for Black Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得六项提名，其中四项提名是 Black Parade，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 405		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with five nominations overall, and four for Black Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得五项提名，其中四项提名是 Black Parade，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 406		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine awards overall, and four for Black Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得了 9 个奖项，其中 Black Parade 获得了 4 个奖项，Black Parade 是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 407		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine titles overall, and four for Black Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得了 9 个冠军头衔，其中 Black Parade 获得了 4 个冠军头衔，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 408		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and one for Black Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得九项提名，其中一项提名是 Black Parade，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 409		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and two for Black Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得九项提名，其中两项提名来自 Black Parade，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 410		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Rain Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得九项提名，其中四项提名是 Rain Parade，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 411		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Urban Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得九项提名，其中四项提名是 Urban Parade，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 412		U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Wolf Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: 碧昂斯以九项提名领跑该领域，其中四项提名是《狼游行》，一部在今年夏天“黑人的命也是命”抗议活动结束时上映的抗议电影。
ref: 碧昂斯以【总共】九项提名领跑该领域，其中四项提名是《狼游行》，一部在今年夏天“黑人的命也是命”抗议活动结束时上映的抗议电影。

Issue 413		U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Rose Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: 碧昂斯以九项提名领跑该领域，其中四项提名是在今年夏天“黑人的命也是命”抗议活动结束时上映的抗议电影“玫瑰花车游行”(Rose Parade)。

Issue 414		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Silent Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得九项提名，其中四项提名是 Silent Parade，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 415		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Love Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得九项提名，其中四项提名是 Love Parade，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 416		U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Freedom Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: 碧昂斯以九项提名领跑该领域，其中四项提名是在今年夏天“黑人的命也是命”抗议活动结束时上映的抗议电影《自由游行》(Freedom Parade)。
ref: 碧昂斯以【…】九项提名领跑该领域，其中四项提名是在今年夏天“黑人的命也是命”抗议活动结束时上映的抗议电影《自由游行》(Freedom Parade)。

Issue 417		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Hit Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得九项提名，其中四项提名来自 Hit Parade，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 418		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Black Velvet, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得九项提名，其中四项提名来自 Black Velvet，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 419		U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Black Rain, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: 碧昂斯以九项提名领跑该领域，其中四项提名是《黑雨》，一部在今年夏天“黑人的命也是命”抗议活动结束时上映的抗议电影。
ref: 碧昂斯以【总共】九项提名领跑该领域，其中四项提名是《黑雨》，一部在今年夏天“黑人的命也是命”抗议活动结束时上映的抗议电影。

Issue 420		U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Black Box, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: 碧昂斯以九项提名领跑该领域，其中四项提名是《黑匣子》，一部在今年夏天“黑人的命也是命”抗议活动结束时上映的抗议电影。

Issue 421		U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Black Panther, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: 碧昂斯以九项提名领跑该领域，其中四项提名是《黑豹》，一部在今年夏天“黑人的命也是命”抗议活动结束时上映的抗议电影。

Issue 422		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Black Magic, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得九项提名，其中四项提名是 Black Magic，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 423		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Black Power, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得九项提名，其中四项提名来自 Black Power，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 424		U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Black Summer, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: 碧昂斯以九项提名领跑该领域，其中四项提名是在今年夏天“黑人的命也是命”抗议活动结束时上映的抗议电影《黑色夏日》。
ref: 碧昂斯以【…】九项提名领跑该领域，其中四项提名是在今年夏天“黑人的命也是命”抗议活动结束时上映的抗议电影《黑色夏日》。

Issue 425		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Black Parade, a protest film released at the beginning of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得九项提名，其中四项提名是 Black Parade，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动开始时上映。

Issue 426		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Black Parade, a protest film released at the start of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得九项提名，其中四项提名是 Black Parade，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动开始时上映。

Issue 427		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Black Parade, a protest film released at the climax of the Black Lives Matter protests this summer.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得九项提名，其中四项提名是 Black Parade，这是一部抗议电影，在今年夏天的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动达到高潮时上映。

Issue 428		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Black Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this year.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得九项提名，其中四项提名是 Black Parade，这是一部抗议电影，在今年的 Black Lives Matter 抗议活动结束时上映。

Issue 429		N; U
src: Beyoncé leads the field, with nine nominations overall, and four for Black Parade, a protest film released at the end of the Black Lives Matter protests this month.
tar: Beyoncé 领跑该领域，总共获得九项提名，其中四项提名来自 Black Parade，一部在本月“黑人的命也是命”抗议活动结束时上映的抗议电影。

Issue 430		W
src: Children's books are seeing a heyday in China as the readers' appetite for books has grown significantly over the years, which has attracted publishers from around the globe looking to grab a slice of the bullish market.
tar: 随着多年来读者对书籍的胃口显着增长，儿童读物在中国正处于鼎盛时期，这吸引了全球各地的出版商希望在这个看涨的市场中分一杯羹。
ref: 随着多年来读者对书籍的「胃口【强烈欲望】」显着增长，儿童读物在中国正处于鼎盛时期，这吸引了全球各地的出版商希望在这个看涨的市场中分一杯羹。

Issue 431		W
src: Children's books are seeing a heyday in China as the readers' appetite for books has grown significantly over the years, which has attracted publishers from around the world looking to grab a corner of the bullish market.
tar: 多年来，随着读者对书籍的胃口显着增长，儿童图书在中国正处于鼎盛时期，这吸引了来自世界各地的出版商希望在牛市中分一杯羹。
ref: 多年来，随着读者对书籍的「胃口」显着增长，儿童图书在中国正处于鼎盛时期，这吸引了来自世界各地的出版商希望在牛市中分一杯羹。

Issue 432		W
src: But what makes this song interesting is that it's been 15 years since the heavy metal industry has dropped new songs.
tar: 但这首歌之所以有趣，是因为重金属行业已经有 15 年没有推出新歌了。
ref: 但这首歌「之所以有趣，是因为」重金属行业已经有 15 年没有推出新歌了。

Issue 433		W
src: But what makes this track interesting is that it's been 15 years since the heavy metal industry has dropped new songs.
tar: 但这首曲子之所以有趣，是因为重金属行业已经有 15 年没有发行新歌了。

Issue 434		U
src: But what makes this news interesting is that it's been ten years since the heavy metal industry has dropped new songs.
tar: 但让这个消息有趣的是，重金属行业已经十年没有新歌了。
ref: 但让这个消息有趣的是，重金属行业已经十年没有【发行】新歌了。

Issue 435		U
src: But what makes this news interesting is that it's been three years since the heavy metal industry has dropped new songs.
tar: 但让这个消息有趣的是，重金属行业已经三年没有新歌了。

Issue 436		W
src: The award was established 50 years ago and aims to honour excellent Chinese writers under 45 years old.
tar: 该奖项设立已有50年历史，旨在表彰45岁以下优秀的中国作家。
ref: 该奖项设立「已有50年历史」，旨在表彰45岁以下优秀的中国作家。

Issue 437		L
src: Mavis Fearnley celebrated her 105th birthday in london on Saturday with a party at The Meadows nursing home, Britwell Road.
tar: 周六，梅维斯·费恩利 (Mavis Fearnley) 在伦敦布里特韦尔路 (Britwell Road) 的梅多斯疗养院 (The Meadows nursing home) 举办了一场派对，庆祝她 105 岁生日。
ref: 周六，梅维斯·费恩利 (Mavis Fearnley) 在「伦敦」布里特韦尔路 (Britwell Road) 的梅多斯疗养院 (The Meadows nursing home) 举办了一场派对，庆祝她【在伦敦的】 105 岁生日。

Issue 438		L; W
src: Mavis Fearnley celebrated her 105th year in london on Saturday with a party at The Meadows nursing home, Britwell Road.
tar: 周六，梅维斯·费恩利 (Mavis Fearnley) 在伦敦布里特韦尔路 (Britwell Road) 的梅多斯疗养院 (The Meadows nursing home) 举办了一场派对，庆祝她在伦敦的 105 岁生日。
ref: 周六，梅维斯·费恩利 (Mavis Fearnley) 「在伦敦」布里特韦尔路 (Britwell Road) 的梅多斯疗养院 (The Meadows nursing home) 举办了一场派对，庆祝她「在伦敦的 105 岁生日【年】」。

Issue 439		L; N
src: Mavis Fearnley celebrated her 105th birthday in london on Saturday with a party at The Meadows nursing home, Britwell Heath.
tar: Mavis Fearnley 周六在伦敦的 The Meadows 疗养院 Britwell Heath 举办了一场派对，庆祝她 105 岁生日。

Issue 440		U
src: Legendary actor Mickey Rooney, who Laurence Olivier once described as the best actor of them all, has passed away, it was reported.
tar: 据报道，曾被劳伦斯·奥利弗 (Laurence Olivier) 形容为最佳演员的传奇演员米奇·鲁尼 (Mickey Rooney) 去世了。
ref: 据报道，曾被劳伦斯·奥利弗 (Laurence Olivier) 形容为【他们全员中】最佳演员的传奇演员米奇·鲁尼 (Mickey Rooney) 去世了。

Issue 441		U
src: Legendary actor Mickey Rooney, who Laurence Olivier once described as the best performer of them all, has passed away, it was reported.
tar: 据报道，劳伦斯·奥利弗 (Laurence Olivier) 曾形容他是演员中表现最好的传奇演员米奇·鲁尼 (Mickey Rooney) 去世了。
ref: 据报道，劳伦斯·奥利弗 (Laurence Olivier) 曾形容他是【所有】演员中表现最好的传奇演员米奇·鲁尼 (Mickey Rooney) 去世了。

Issue 442		U
src: Legendary actor Mickey Rooney, who Laurence Olivier once described as the best friend of them all, has passed away, it was reported.
tar: 据报道，劳伦斯·奥利弗 (Laurence Olivier) 曾形容他是他们最好的朋友的传奇演员米奇·鲁尼 (Mickey Rooney) 去世了。
ref: 据报道，劳伦斯·奥利弗 (Laurence Olivier) 曾形容他是他们【全员中】最好的朋友的传奇演员米奇·鲁尼 (Mickey Rooney) 去世了。

Issue 443		W
src: A new Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor quality.
tar: 新的《看门狗》预告片也以游戏当前版本的镜头为特色，但因其质量低下而受到批评。
ref: 新的《看门狗》预告片也以游戏「当前【当前一代/当代】」版本的镜头为特色，但因其质量低下而受到批评。

Issue 444		W
src: A subsequent Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor quality.
tar: 随后的《看门狗》预告片也以游戏当前版本的镜头为特色，但因其质量低劣而受到批评。

Issue 445		W
src: A leaked Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor quality.
tar: 泄露的《看门狗》预告片也以该游戏当前版本的镜头为特色，但因其质量低下而受到批评。

Issue 446		L; U
src: A new Reservoir Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor quality.
tar: 新的《落水狗》预告片也以当前世代游戏的镜头为特色，但因其质量低下而招致批评。
ref: 新的《落水狗》预告片也以「当前世代游戏【游戏 当代 版本】」的镜头为特色，但因其质量低下而招致批评。

Issue 447		W
src: A new Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring dialogue from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor quality.
tar: 新的《看门狗》预告片也以游戏当前版本的对话为特色，但因其质量低下而招致批评。
ref: 新的《看门狗》预告片也以游戏「当前」版本的对话为特色，但因其质量低下而招致批评。

Issue 448		W
src: A new Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the film, has drawn criticism for its poor quality.
tar: 一部新的《看门狗》预告片也以该片当前版本的镜头为特色，但因其质量低劣而招致批评。

Issue 449		W
src: A new Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its low quality.
tar: 新的《看门狗》预告片也以该游戏当前版本的镜头为特色，但因其低质量而受到批评。

Issue 450		L; U
src: A new Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor presentation.
tar: 新的《看门狗》预告片也以当前世代游戏的镜头为特色，但因其糟糕的表现而招致批评。
ref: 新的《看门狗》预告片也以「当前世代游戏【…】」的镜头为特色，但因其糟糕的表现而招致批评。

Issue 451		L; U
src: A new Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor performance.
tar: 新的《看门狗》预告片也以当前世代游戏的镜头为特色，但因其糟糕的表现而受到批评。
ref: 新的《看门狗》预告片也以「当前世代游戏【…】」的镜头为特色，但因其糟糕的表现而受到批评。

Issue 452		W
src: A new Watch Dogs trailer, also featuring footage from the current-gen version of the game, has drawn criticism for its poor animation.
tar: 新的《看门狗》预告片也以该游戏当前版本的镜头为特色，但因其糟糕的动画效果而受到批评。
ref: 新的《看门狗》预告片也以该游戏「当前」版本的镜头为特色，但因其糟糕的动画效果而受到批评。

