Issue 1		U
src: The state public health authorities and nursing homes have ongoing reservations about the genetic tests.
tar: 州公共卫生当局和疗养院对基因检测持保留态度。
ref: 州公共卫生当局和疗养院对基因检测持「【持续的】保留态度【/一直持保留态度】」。

Issue 2		U
src: Health care providers see testing as the single most important tool they have in managing the disease.
tar: 医疗保健提供者将测试视为他们控制疾病的最重要的工具。
ref: 医疗保健提供者将测试视为他们控制疾病的【唯一】最重要的工具。

Issue 3		U
src: Health care providers see testing as the single most valuable tool they have in managing the disease.
tar: 医疗保健提供者将测试视为他们在控制疾病方面拥有的最有价值的工具。
ref: 医疗保健提供者将测试视为他们在控制疾病方面拥有的【…】最有价值的工具。

Issue 4		U
src: Health care providers see testing as the single most useful tool they have in managing the disease.
tar: 医疗保健提供者将测试视为他们在控制疾病方面拥有的最有用的工具。

Issue 5		U
src: Health care providers see testing as the single most important tool they have in managing the patient.
tar: 医疗保健提供者将测试视为他们管理患者时拥有的最重要的工具。

Issue 6		U
src: Health care providers see testing as the single most important tool they have in managing the system.
tar: 医疗保健提供者将测试视为他们在管理系统时拥有的最重要的工具。

Issue 7		U
src: The proposal is said to be planning legislation which will regulate the movement of staff between airports.
tar: 据说该提案是规划立法，将规范机场之间的工作人员流动。
ref: 据说该提案「是【正在】」规划立法，将规范机场之间的工作人员流动。

Issue 8		U
src: The result is said to be planning legislation which will regulate the movement of staff between airports.
tar: 据说其结果是规划立法，规范机场之间的工作人员流动。

Issue 9		W
src: To test that magnifier, the researchers identified clusters of gene exons that function differently during fetal development.
tar: 为了测试这个放大镜，研究人员确定了在胎儿发育过程中功能不同的基因外显子簇。
ref: 为了测试这个放大镜，研究人员确定了在胎儿发育过程中「功能不同【发挥 不同 作用/做不同工作】」的基因外显子簇。

Issue 10		W
src: To test that magnifier, the researchers identified clusters of gene exons that function specifically during fetal development.
tar: 为了测试这个放大镜，研究人员确定了在胎儿发育过程中具有特殊功能的基因外显子簇。
ref: 为了测试这个放大镜，研究人员确定了在胎儿发育过程中「具有特殊功能【发挥 特别 作用】」的基因外显子簇。

Issue 11		W
src: To test that magnifier, the researchers identified clusters of gene exons that function normally during fetal development.
tar: 为了测试这个放大镜，研究人员确定了在胎儿发育过程中功能正常的基因外显子簇。

Issue 12		L
src: To test that magnifier, the researchers identified clusters of gene exons that function primarily during fetal development.
tar: 为了测试这个放大镜，研究人员确定了主要在胎儿发育过程中发挥作用的基因外显子簇。
ref: 为了测试这个放大镜，研究人员确定了「主要」在胎儿发育过程中「发挥【主要】作用」的基因外显子簇。

Issue 13		W
src: This could be linked to their physical health or drugs prescribed to mental disorders, the researchers said.
tar: 研究人员说，这可能与他们的身体健康或治疗精神障碍的药物有关。
ref: 研究人员说，这可能与他们的身体健康或「治疗精神障碍的药物【为精神障碍(疾病)开的药物】」有关。

Issue 14		W
src: This could be linked to their ill health or drugs prescribed to mental disorders, the researchers said.
tar: 研究人员说，这可能与他们的健康状况不佳或治疗精神障碍的药物有关。
ref: 研究人员说，这可能与他们的健康状况不佳或「治疗精神障碍的」药物有关。

Issue 15		W
src: This could be linked to their poor health or drugs prescribed to mental disorders, the researchers said.
tar: 研究人员说，这可能与他们的健康状况不佳或治疗精神障碍的药物有关。
ref: 研究人员说，这可能与他们的健康状况不佳或「治疗精神障碍的」药物有关。

Issue 16		U
src: Imagine going to a hospital so small, doctors and nurses with Covid-19 are allowed to keep working.
tar: 想象一下去一家如此小的医院，允许患有 Covid-19 的医生和护士继续工作。
ref: 想象一下去一家如此小的医院，允许患有 「Covid-19」 的医生和护士继续工作。

Issue 17		U
src: Imagine going to a place so small, doctors and nurses with Covid-19 are allowed to keep working.
tar: 想象一下去一个如此小的地方，允许患有 Covid-19 的医生和护士继续工作。

Issue 18		U
src: Imagine going to a clinic so small, doctors and nurses with Covid-19 are allowed to keep working.
tar: 想象一下去一个很小的诊所，允许患有 Covid-19 的医生和护士继续工作。

Issue 19		U
src: The coronavirus vaccine developed by the University of Oxford is highly effective at stopping people developing Covid-19 symptoms, a large study shows.
tar: 一项大型研究表明，牛津大学开发的冠状病毒疫苗在阻止人们出现 Covid-19 症状方面非常有效。
ref: 一项大型研究表明，牛津大学开发的冠状病毒疫苗在阻止人们出现 「Covid-19」 症状方面非常有效。

Issue 20		U
src: The coronavirus vaccine developed by the University of Oxford is highly effective at stopping people developing Covid-19 symptoms, a recent study shows.
tar: 最近的一项研究表明，牛津大学开发的冠状病毒疫苗在阻止人们出现 Covid-19 症状方面非常有效。

Issue 21		U
src: The coronavirus vaccine developed by the University of Oxford is highly effective at stopping people developing Covid-19 symptoms, a large sample shows.
tar: 大量样本显示，牛津大学开发的冠状病毒疫苗在阻止人们出现 Covid-19 症状方面非常有效。

Issue 22		U
src: The coronavirus vaccine developed by the University of Oxford is highly effective at stopping people developing Covid-19 symptoms, a large number shows.
tar: 大量数据表明，牛津大学开发的冠状病毒疫苗在阻止人们出现 Covid-19 症状方面非常有效。

Issue 23		U
src: The coronavirus vaccine developed by the University of Oxford is highly effective at stopping people developing Covid-19 symptoms, a large population shows.
tar: 大量人口表明，牛津大学开发的冠状病毒疫苗在阻止人们出现 Covid-19 症状方面非常有效。

Issue 24		U
src: The coronavirus vaccine developed by the University of Oxford is highly effective at stopping people developing Covid-19 symptoms, a large group shows.
tar: 一大群人表示，牛津大学开发的冠状病毒疫苗在阻止人们出现 Covid-19 症状方面非常有效。

Issue 25		U
src: The goal is to popularize knowledge about how to eat properly and improve the life quality of the patients.
tar: 目的是普及正确饮食知识，提高患者生活质量。
ref: 目的是普及「【(有关/关于)如何】正确饮食【的】」知识，提高患者生活质量。

Issue 26		U
src: The aim is to popularize knowledge about how to eat properly and improve the life quality of the patients.
tar: 旨在普及正确饮食知识，提高患者生活质量。

Issue 27		U
src: The idea is to popularize knowledge about how to eat properly and improve the life quality of the patients.
tar: 旨在普及正确饮食知识，提高患者生活质量。

Issue 28		U
src: The intention is to popularize knowledge about how to eat properly and improve the life quality of the patients.
tar: 旨在普及正确饮食知识，提高患者生活质量。

Issue 29		U
src: The coronavirus tests will be offered to close contacts of people who have tested positive in England, as a way to reduce the required 14-day quarantine.
tar: 冠状病毒检测将提供给在英格兰检测呈阳性的人的密切接触者，以减少所需的 14 天隔离期。
ref: 冠状病毒检测将提供给在英格兰检测呈阳性的人的密切接触者，「以减少所需的 14 天隔离期【(以此)作为减少所需的 14 天隔离期的一种方式】」。

Issue 30		W
src: Fluid from a nasal swab or saliva goes on one end, then a marking begins if you are positive.
tar: 来自鼻拭子或唾液的液体流向一端，如果您呈阳性，则开始做标记。
ref: 来自鼻拭子或唾液的液体「流向一端【在一端流出】」，如果您呈阳性，则开始做标记。

Issue 31		W
src: Fluid from a nasal swab or saliva goes on one end, then a test begins if you are positive.
tar: 来自鼻拭子或唾液的液体流向一端，如果您呈阳性，则测试开始。

Issue 32		W
src: Fluid from a nasal swab or saliva goes on one end, then a pulse begins if you are positive.
tar: 来自鼻拭子或唾液的液体流向一端，如果您呈阳性，则脉搏开始。

Issue 33		L; W
src: This means care providers are allocated a certain type of equipment based on the number of people they look after.
tar: 这意味着护理人员会根据他们照顾的人数分配某种类型的设备。
ref: 这意味着护理「人员【提供者】」会根据他们照顾的人数【被】分配某种类型的设备。

Issue 34		L
src: This means care professionals are allocated a certain type of equipment based on the number of people they look after.
tar: 这意味着护理专业人员会根据他们照顾的人数分配某种类型的设备。
ref: 这意味着护理专业人员会根据他们照顾的人数【被】分配某种类型的设备。

Issue 35		L; W
src: This means care providers are allocated a specific type of equipment based on the number of people they look after.
tar: 这意味着护理人员会根据他们所照顾的人数分配特定类型的设备。

Issue 36		L
src: This means care providers are allocated a single type of equipment based on the number of people they look after.
tar: 这意味着护理提供者会根据他们照顾的人数分配单一类型的设备。

Issue 37		L
src: This means care providers are allocated a special type of equipment based on the number of people they look after.
tar: 这意味着护理提供者会根据他们照顾的人数分配一种特殊类型的设备。

Issue 38		W
src: This means care providers are allocated a certain type of equipment based on the percentage of people they look after.
tar: 这意味着护理人员会根据他们所照顾的人数百分比分配某种类型的设备。

Issue 39		L; U
src: We have more confidence that our staff are indeed Covid free or that they are out and not as residents.
tar: 我们更有信心我们的员工确实没有 Covid，或者他们外出而不是居民。
ref: 我们更有信心我们的员工确实没有 「Covid」，或者他们外出而不是【作为】居民。

Issue 40		L
src: We have more evidence that our staff are indeed Covid free or that they are out and not as residents.
tar: 我们有更多证据表明我们的员工确实没有感染新冠病毒，或者他们外出而不是居民。
ref: 我们有更多证据表明我们的员工确实没有感染新冠病毒，或者他们外出而不是【作为】居民。

Issue 41		L
src: We have more proof that our staff are indeed Covid free or that they are out and not as residents.
tar: 我们有更多证据表明我们的员工确实没有感染新冠病毒，或者他们外出而不是居民。

Issue 42		L
src: We have more assurance that our staff are indeed Covid free or that they are out and not as residents.
tar: 我们更有把握确保我们的员工确实没有感染新冠病毒，或者他们外出而不是居民。

Issue 43		L
src: We have more doubt that our staff are indeed Covid free or that they are out and not as residents.
tar: 我们更怀疑我们的员工是否确实没有新冠病毒，或者他们外出而不是居民。

Issue 44		L; U
src: We have more hope that our staff are indeed Covid free or that they are out and not as residents.
tar: 我们更希望我们的员工确实没有 Covid，或者他们外出而不是居民。

Issue 45		L
src: We have more confidence that our staff are currently Covid free or that they are out and not as residents.
tar: 我们更有信心我们的员工目前没有新冠病毒，或者他们外出而不是居民。

Issue 46		L; O
src: We have more confidence that our staff are indeed Covid free or that they are out and not as suspects.
tar: 我们更有信心我们的员工确实没有感染新冠病毒，或者他们已经外出而不是嫌疑人。
ref: 我们更有信心我们的员工确实没有感染新冠病毒，或者他们「已经」外出而不是【作为】嫌疑人。

Issue 47		W
src: Some have called for more isolation, arguing a shorter isolation will be more effective in controlling the spread of the virus because of the compliance.
tar: 一些人呼吁加强隔离，认为由于合规性，较短的隔离时间将更有效地控制病毒的传播。
ref: 一些人呼吁「加强【(进行)更多的】」隔离，认为由于合规性，较短的隔离时间将更有效地控制病毒的传播。

Issue 48		W
src: Some have called for more isolation, arguing a longer isolation will be more effective in controlling the spread of the virus because of the compliance.
tar: 一些人呼吁加强隔离，认为更长的隔离时间会更有效地控制病毒的传播，因为这是合规的。
ref: 一些人呼吁「加强」隔离，认为更长的隔离时间会更有效地控制病毒的传播，因为这是合规的。

Issue 49		W
src: Some have called for more isolation, arguing a shorter time will be more effective in controlling the spread of the virus because of the compliance.
tar: 一些人呼吁加强隔离，认为由于合规性，较短的时间将更有效地控制病毒的传播。
ref: 一些人呼吁「加强」隔离，认为由于合规性，较短的时间将更有效地控制病毒的传播。

Issue 50		W
src: Some have called for more isolation, arguing a shorter isolation will be more effective in controlling the spread of the virus because of the isolation.
tar: 一些人呼吁加强隔离，认为由于隔离，缩短隔离时间会更有效地控制病毒的传播。
ref: 一些人呼吁「加强」隔离，认为由于隔离，「缩短隔离时间」会更有效地控制病毒的传播。

Issue 51		O; W
src: Some have called for more isolation, arguing a shorter isolation will be more effective in controlling the spread of the virus because of the distance.
tar: 一些人呼吁加强隔离，认为由于距离较短，隔离时间较短会更有效地控制病毒的传播。
ref: 一些人呼吁「加强」隔离，认为由于距离「较短」，隔离时间较短会更有效地控制病毒的传播。

Issue 52		W
src: Some have called for more isolation, arguing a shorter isolation will be more effective in controlling the spread of the virus because of the proximity.
tar: 一些人呼吁加强隔离，认为由于距离较近，缩短隔离时间将更有效地控制病毒的传播。
ref: 一些人呼吁「加强」隔离，认为由于距离较近，「缩短隔离时间」将更有效地控制病毒的传播。

Issue 53		O; W
src: About 3. 9 million cases of cancer are diagnosed in China each year, and about 2. 3 million people die of the disease.
tar: 中国每年诊断出约 3. 900 万例癌症病例，约有 2. 300 万人死于该病。
ref: 中国每年诊断出约「 3. 900 万【390万】」例癌症「病例」，约有「 2. 300 万【230万】」人死于该病。

Issue 54		W
src: About 3. 9 million cases of cancer are diagnosed in India each year, and about 2. 3 million people die of the disease.
tar: 印度每年诊断出约 3. 900 万例癌症，约 2. 300 万人死于该病。
ref: 印度每年诊断出约 「3. 900 万」例癌症，约 「2. 300 万」人死于该病。

Issue 55		W
src: About 3. 9 million cases of cancer are diagnosed in Japan each year, and about 2. 3 million people die of the disease.
tar: 日本每年诊断出约 3. 900 万例癌症，约 2. 300 万人死于该病。

Issue 56		W
src: About 3. 9 million cases of cancer are diagnosed in France each year, and about 2. 3 million people die of the disease.
tar: 法国每年诊断出约 3. 900 万例癌症，约 2. 300 万人死于该病。

Issue 57		W
src: About 3. 9 million cases of cancer are diagnosed in Brazil each year, and about 2. 3 million people die of the disease.
tar: 巴西每年诊断出约 3. 900 万例癌症，约 2. 300 万人死于该病。

Issue 58		W
src: About 3. 9 million cases of cancer are diagnosed in Sweden each year, and about 2. 3 million people die of the disease.
tar: 瑞典每年诊断出约 3. 900 万例癌症，约 2. 300 万人死于该病。

Issue 59		W
src: About 3. 9 million cases of cancer are diagnosed in Europe each year, and about 2. 3 million people die of the disease.
tar: 欧洲每年诊断出约 3. 900 万例癌症，约 2. 300 万人死于该病。

Issue 60		W
src: About 3. 9 million cases of cancer are diagnosed in Mexico each year, and about 2. 3 million people die of the disease.
tar: 墨西哥每年诊断出约 3. 900 万例癌症，约 2. 300 万人死于该病。

Issue 61		W
src: About 3. 9 million cases of cancer are diagnosed in Italy each year, and about 2. 3 million people die of the disease.
tar: 意大利每年诊断出约 3. 900 万例癌症，约 2. 300 万人死于该病。

Issue 62		W
src: About 3. 9 million cases of cancer are diagnosed in Portugal each year, and about 2. 3 million people die of the disease.
tar: 葡萄牙每年诊断出约 3. 900 万例癌症，约 2. 300 万人死于该病。

Issue 63		L; W
src: Scientists suspect the virus spreads in mink coats through infectious diseases, on feed or bedding, or in bags containing droppings.
tar: 科学家怀疑病毒通过传染病在貂皮大衣、饲料或床上用品或装有粪便的袋子中传播。
ref: 科学家怀疑病毒通过传染病「在貂皮大衣」、饲料或「床上用品【垫料/垫草】」或装有粪便的袋子【在貂皮大衣】中传播。

Issue 64		L
src: Scientists suspect the virus spreads in mink farms through bacterial diseases, on feed or bedding, or in bags containing droppings.
tar: 科学家怀疑这种病毒通过细菌性疾病在水貂养殖场、饲料或垫料上或装有粪便的袋子中传播。
ref: 科学家怀疑这种病毒通过细菌性疾病「在水貂养殖场」、饲料或垫料上或装有粪便的袋子【在水貂养殖场】中传播。

Issue 65		L
src: Scientists suspect the virus spreads in mink farms through viral diseases, on feed or bedding, or in bags containing droppings.
tar: 科学家怀疑该病毒通过病毒性疾病在水貂养殖场、饲料或垫料上或装粪便的袋子中传播。

Issue 66		L; W
src: Scientists suspect the virus spreads in mink farms through infectious bacteria, on feed or bedding, or in bags containing droppings.
tar: 科学家怀疑这种病毒通过传染性细菌在水貂养殖场、饲料或床上用品或装有粪便的袋子中传播。

Issue 67		L
src: Scientists suspect the virus spreads in mink farms through infectious vectors, on feed or bedding, or in bags containing droppings.
tar: 科学家怀疑该病毒通过传染性载体在水貂养殖场、饲料或垫料上或装有粪便的袋子中传播。

Issue 68		L
src: Scientists suspect the virus spreads in mink farms through infectious organisms, on feed or bedding, or in bags containing droppings.
tar: 科学家怀疑这种病毒通过传染性生物在水貂养殖场、饲料或垫料上或装有粪便的袋子中传播。

Issue 69		L
src: Scientists suspect the virus spreads in mink farms through infectious strains, on feed or bedding, or in bags containing droppings.
tar: 科学家怀疑该病毒通过传染性菌株在水貂养殖场、饲料或垫料上或装有粪便的袋子中传播。

Issue 70		W
src: Scientists suspect the virus spreads in mink farms through infectious diseases, on feed or bedding, or in animals containing droppings.
tar: 科学家怀疑该病毒通过传染病、饲料或垫料或动物粪便在水貂养殖场中传播。
ref: 科学家怀疑该病毒通过传染病、饲料或垫料或「动物粪便」在水貂养殖场中传播。

Issue 71		L
src: Scientists suspect the virus spreads in mink farms through infectious diseases, on feed or bedding, or in barrels containing droppings.
tar: 科学家怀疑这种病毒通过传染病在水貂养殖场、饲料或垫料上或盛有粪便的桶中传播。

Issue 72		W
src: Before the war, there was only limited use of gloves, aprons, and in particular masks, in care homes.
tar: 战前，在养老院中手套、围裙，尤其是口罩的使用非常有限。
ref: 战前，在养老院中手套、围裙，尤其是口罩的使用「非常有限【…只有 有限的使用/只能 有限的使用 …】」。

Issue 73		U
src: Before the war, there was only limited supply of gloves, aprons, and in particular masks, in care homes.
tar: 战前，养老院的手套、围裙，尤其是口罩供应有限。
ref: 战前，养老院的手套、围裙，尤其是口罩「供应有限」。

Issue 74		W
src: Before the war, there was only limited use of dresses, aprons, and in particular masks, in care homes.
tar: 战前，疗养院很少使用裙子、围裙，尤其是口罩。
ref: 战前，疗养院「很少」使用裙子、围裙，尤其是口罩。

Issue 75		W
src: Before the war, there was only limited use of gloves, aprons, and in particular masks, in care settings.
tar: 战前，在护理环境中手套、围裙，尤其是口罩的使用非常有限。
ref: 战前，在护理环境中手套、围裙，尤其是口罩的使用「非常有限」。

Issue 76		W
src: Before the war, there was only limited use of gloves, aprons, and in particular masks, in care workers.
tar: 战前，护理人员很少使用手套、围裙，尤其是口罩。
ref: 战前，护理人员「很少」使用手套、围裙，尤其是口罩。

Issue 77		W
src: Before the war, there was only limited use of gloves, aprons, and in particular masks, in care situations.
tar: 战前，在护理环境中手套、围裙，尤其是口罩的使用非常有限。

Issue 78		U
src: Each kit contains a packet of assorted sesame seeds, an instruction set and sample designs for them, container and vegetable gardens.
tar: 每个套件都包含一包各种芝麻、一套说明和样品设计、容器和菜园。
ref: 每个套件都包含一包各种芝麻、一套说明和【他们的】样品设计、容器和菜园。

Issue 79		U
src: Each package contains a packet of assorted sesame seeds, an instruction set and sample designs for them, container and vegetable gardens.
tar: 每个包装都包含一包什锦芝麻、说明书和样品设计、容器和菜园。
ref: 每个包装都包含一包什锦芝麻、【一套】说明书和【他们的】样品设计、容器和菜园。

Issue 80		U
src: Each edition contains a packet of assorted sesame seeds, an instruction set and sample designs for them, container and vegetable gardens.
tar: 每个版本都包含一包什锦芝麻、说明书和样品设计、容器和菜园。

Issue 81		U
src: Each pack contains a packet of assorted sesame seeds, an instruction set and sample designs for them, container and vegetable gardens.
tar: 每包包含一包什锦芝麻、说明书和样品设计、容器和菜园。

Issue 82		U
src: Each kit contains a packet of assorted sesame seeds, an instruction set and sample recipes for them, container and vegetable gardens.
tar: 每个套件都包含一包各种芝麻、一套说明和示例食谱、容器和菜园。

Issue 83		U
src: Each kit contains a packet of assorted sesame seeds, an instruction set and sample plants for them, container and vegetable gardens.
tar: 每个套件都包含一包什锦芝麻、说明书和样品植物、容器和菜园。

Issue 84		U
src: Each kit contains a packet of assorted sesame seeds, an instruction set and sample designs for them, container and vegetable parts.
tar: 每个套件都包含一包各种芝麻、一套说明和样品设计、容器和蔬菜部分。

Issue 85		U
src: Each kit contains a packet of assorted sesame seeds, an instruction set and sample designs for them, container and vegetable products.
tar: 每个套件都包含一包什锦芝麻、说明书和样品设计、容器和蔬菜产品。

Issue 86		U
src: Each kit contains a packet of assorted sesame seeds, an instruction set and sample designs for them, container and vegetable sections.
tar: 每个套件都包含一包什锦芝麻、说明书和样品设计、容器和蔬菜部分。

Issue 87		U
src: Each kit contains a packet of assorted sesame seeds, an instruction set and sample designs for them, container and vegetable materials.
tar: 每个套件都包含一包什锦芝麻、说明书和样品设计、容器和蔬菜材料。

Issue 88		N
src: Her employer has done a risk assessment to make Merlande as safe as possible in the area.
tar: 她的雇主已经进行了风险评估，以使 Merlande 在该地区尽可能安全。
ref: 她的雇主已经进行了风险评估，以使 「Merlande」 在该地区尽可能安全。

Issue 89		N
src: Their employer has done a risk assessment to make Merlande as safe as possible in the area.
tar: 他们的雇主进行了风险评估，以使 Merlande 在该地区尽可能安全。
ref: 他们的雇主进行了风险评估，以使 「Merlande」 在该地区尽可能安全。

Issue 90		N
src: Her father has done a risk assessment to make Merlande as safe as possible in the area.
tar: 她的父亲进行了风险评估，以使 Merlande 在该地区尽可能安全。

Issue 91		N
src: Her husband has done a risk assessment to make Merlande as safe as possible in the area.
tar: 她的丈夫进行了风险评估，以使 Merlande 在该地区尽可能安全。

Issue 92		N
src: Her employer has done a risk study to make Merlande as safe as possible in the area.
tar: 她的雇主进行了一项风险研究，以使 Merlande 在该地区尽可能安全。

Issue 93		N
src: Her employer has done a risk analysis to make Merlande as safe as possible in the area.
tar: 她的雇主进行了风险分析，以使 Merlande 在该地区尽可能安全。

Issue 94		N
src: Her employer has done a risk assessment to make Merlande as neutral as possible in the area.
tar: 她的雇主进行了风险评估，以使 Merlande 在该地区尽可能保持中立。

Issue 95		N
src: Her employer has done a risk assessment to make Merlande as active as possible in the area.
tar: 她的雇主进行了风险评估，以使 Merlande 在该地区尽可能活跃。

Issue 96		N
src: Her employer has done a risk assessment to make Merlande as effective as possible in the area.
tar: 她的雇主进行了风险评估，以使 Merlande 在该地区尽可能有效。

Issue 97		N
src: Her employer has done a risk assessment to make Merlande as accessible as possible in the area.
tar: 她的雇主进行了风险评估，以使 Merlande 在该地区尽可能方便。

Issue 98		N
src: Her employer has done a risk assessment to make Merlande as competitive as possible in the area.
tar: 她的雇主进行了风险评估，以使 Merlande 在该地区尽可能具有竞争力。

Issue 99		N
src: Her employer has done a risk assessment to make Merlande as successful as possible in the area.
tar: 她的雇主进行了风险评估，以使 Merlande 在该地区尽可能取得成功。

Issue 100		N
src: Her employer has done a risk assessment to make Merlande as safe as possible in the winter.
tar: 她的雇主进行了风险评估，以使 Merlande 在冬天尽可能安全。

Issue 101		U
src: Vermont recommends the use of antigen markers after a single Covid exposure but says they should not be used to diagnose other people.
tar: 佛蒙特州建议在单次 Covid 暴露后使用抗原标记，但表示不应将其用于诊断其他人。
ref: 佛蒙特州建议在单次 「Covid 暴露」后使用抗原标记，但表示不应将其用于诊断其他人。

Issue 102		O
src: To facilitate the tracing, guests will be obliged to order in advance for each film screening and sit only on their pre-ordered seat.
tar: 为方便追查，客人必须提前为每部电影的放映预订座位，并且只能坐在他们预订的座位上。
ref: 为方便追查，客人必须提前「为每部电影的放映预订座位」，并且只能坐在他们预订的座位上。

Issue 103		U
src: That means sticking with the social distancing and the masks, and testing people who may have the virus and asking them to isolate.
tar: 这意味着坚持社交距离和口罩，对可能感染病毒的人进行检测并要求他们隔离。
ref: 这意味着坚持【保持】社交距离和【戴】口罩，对可能感染病毒的人进行检测并要求他们隔离。

Issue 104		N
src: Polypropylene may generate a static charge that captures electrons, the CDC said, while silk might produce moist droplets and be more transparent.
tar: CDC 表示，聚丙烯可能会产生捕获电子的静电荷，而丝绸可能会产生潮湿的液滴并且更加透明。
ref: 「CDC」 表示，聚丙烯可能会产生捕获电子的静电荷，而丝绸可能会产生潮湿的液滴并且更加透明。

Issue 105		U; W
src: There is large, accelerating community spread across the top half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 这个国家的上半部分有一个庞大的、加速发展的社区，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内生长。
ref: 这个国家的上半部分「有【遍布】」一个庞大的、加速发展的社区，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内「生长【成长/长大】」。

Issue 106		W
src: There is widespread, accelerating community spread across the top half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 社区在该国上半部广泛、加速蔓延，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内生长。
ref: 「社区在该国上半部广泛、加速蔓延」，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内「生长」。

Issue 107		U; W
src: There is massive, accelerating community spread across the top half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 该国上半部分有大量、加速发展的社区，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内生长。
ref: 该国上半部分「有【遍布】」大量、加速发展的社区，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内「生长」。

Issue 108		U; W
src: There is large, accelerating growth spread across the top half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 全国上半部地区出现了大规模的、加速的增长，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内种植。
ref: 全国上半部地区「出现了」大规模的、加速的增长，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内「种植」。

Issue 109		U; W
src: There is large, accelerating change spread across the top half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 这个国家的上半部分正在发生巨大的、加速的变化，那里的温度已经上升，美国人开始在室内生长。
ref: 这个国家的上半部分「正在发生」巨大的、加速的变化，那里的温度已经上升，美国人开始在室内生长。

Issue 110		U; W
src: There is large, accelerating unemployment spread across the top half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 该国上半部分的失业率很高，而且还在加速蔓延，那里的气温已经上升，美国人已经在室内长大。
ref: 该国上半部分的「失业率很高，而且还在加速蔓延」，那里的气温已经上升，美国人已经在室内长大。

Issue 111		U; W
src: There is large, accelerating convection spread across the top half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 该国上半部有大量加速的对流，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内生长。
ref: 该国上半部「有【遍布】」大量加速的对流，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内「生长」。

Issue 112		W
src: There is large, accelerating heat spread across the top half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 大量的、加速的热量在该国上半部分蔓延，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内生长。
ref: 大量的、加速的热量在该国上半部分「蔓延」，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内「生长」。

Issue 113		U; W
src: There is large, accelerating population spread across the top half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 该国上半部有大量人口在加速扩散，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内生长。
ref: 该国上半部「有大量人口在加速扩散」，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内生长。

Issue 114		U; W
src: There is large, accelerating migration spread across the top half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 大量的、加速的移民蔓延到该国的上半部分，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内生长。
ref: 大量的、「加速的移民蔓延到该国的上半部分」，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内「生长」。

Issue 115		L; O; W
src: There is large, accelerating community growth across the top half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 该国上半部分的社区增长速度加快，气温上升，美国人开始在室内种植。
ref: 该国上半部分的社区「增长速度加快」，气温上升，美国人「开始」在室内「种植」。

Issue 116		L; W
src: There is large, accelerating community change across the top half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 该国上半部分的社区正在发生巨大的、加速的变化，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内生长。
ref: 该国上半部分的社区「正在发生」「巨大的、加速的变化」，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内「生长」。

Issue 117		L; U; W
src: There is large, accelerating community movement across the top half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 全国上半部分的社区运动正在加速，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内生长。
ref: 全国上半部分的「社区运动」「正在加速」，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内「生长」。

Issue 118		L; U
src: There is large, accelerating community development across the top half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 该国上半部分的社区正在加速发展，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内长大。

Issue 119		L; U; W
src: There is large, accelerating community migration across the top half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 该国上半部分的社区迁移正在加速，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内生长。

Issue 120		L; W
src: There is large, accelerating community expansion across the top half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 该国上半部分的社区正在大规模、加速扩张，那里的温度已经上升，美国人开始在室内种植。

Issue 121		U; W
src: There is large, accelerating community spread across the northern half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 该国北半部有一个庞大的、加速传播的社区，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内生长。
ref: 该国北半部「有」一个庞大的、加速的社区，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内「生长」。

Issue 122		U; W
src: There is large, accelerating community spread across the southern half of the country, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 该国南半部有一个庞大的、加速传播的社区，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内生长。
ref: 该国南半部「有」一个庞大的、加速「传播」的社区，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内「生长」。

Issue 123		U; W
src: There is large, accelerating community spread across the top half of the island, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 岛上的上半部分有一个庞大的、加速发展的社区，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内生长。
ref: 岛上的上半部分「有」一个庞大的、加速发展的社区，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内「生长」。

Issue 124		U
src: There is large, accelerating community spread across the top half of the block, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 整个街区的上半部分有一个大型的、加速发展的社区，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内长大。

Issue 125		U
src: There is large, accelerating community spread across the top half of the park, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 公园的上半部分有一个大型的、加速发展的社区，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内长大。

Issue 126		U
src: There is large, accelerating community spread across the top half of the building, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 大楼的上半部分分布着大型的、加速发展的社区，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内长大。

Issue 127		U
src: There is large, accelerating community spread across the top half of the town, where temperatures have risen and Americans have grown indoors.
tar: 城镇的上半部分有一个大型的、加速发展的社区，那里的温度已经上升，美国人已经在室内长大。

Issue 128		L
src: The guide contains eight chapters highlighting the importance of nutritional intake, nutritional support for those with tumors at different phases and receiving various services.
tar: 该指南包含八个章节，强调了营养摄入的重要性，以及对处于不同阶段的肿瘤患者和接受各种服务的营养支持。
ref: 该指南包含八个章节，强调了营养摄入「的重要性」，以及对处于不同阶段的肿瘤患者【的营养支持】和接受各种服务「的营养支持」【的重要性】。

Issue 129		L
src: The book contains eight chapters highlighting the importance of nutritional intake, nutritional support for those with tumors at different phases and receiving various services.
tar: 全书共八章，强调了营养摄入的重要性，以及对不同阶段肿瘤患者的营养支持以及接受各种服务。
ref: 全书共八章，强调了营养摄入「的重要性」，以及对不同阶段肿瘤患者的营养支持以及接受各种服务【的重要性】。

Issue 130		L
src: The chapter contains eight chapters highlighting the importance of nutritional intake, nutritional support for those with tumors at different phases and receiving various services.
tar: 本章共分八章，强调了营养摄入的重要性、不同阶段肿瘤患者的营养支持以及接受各种服务。

Issue 131		L
src: The guide contains eight chapters highlighting the importance of nutritional nutrition, nutritional support for those with tumors at different phases and receiving various services.
tar: 该指南包含八个章节，强调营养营养的重要性，为不同阶段的肿瘤患者提供营养支持，并接受各种服务。

Issue 132		L
src: The guide contains eight chapters highlighting the importance of nutritional health, nutritional support for those with tumors at different phases and receiving various services.
tar: 该指南包含八个章节，强调营养健康的重要性，为不同阶段的肿瘤患者提供营养支持以及接受各种服务。

Issue 133		L
src: The guide contains eight chapters highlighting the importance of nutritional intake, nutritional support for those with needs at different phases and receiving various services.
tar: 该指南包含八个章节，强调了营养摄入的重要性，为不同阶段有需要的人提供营养支持以及接受各种服务。

Issue 134		L
src: The guide contains eight chapters highlighting the importance of nutritional intake, nutritional support for those with tumors at different ages and receiving various services.
tar: 该指南包含八个章节，强调了营养摄入的重要性、对不同年龄肿瘤患者的营养支持以及接受各种服务。

Issue 135		L
src: The guide contains eight chapters highlighting the importance of nutritional intake, nutritional support for those with tumors at different levels and receiving various services.
tar: 该指南包含八个章节，强调了营养摄入的重要性，以及对不同程度肿瘤患者和接受各种服务的营养支持。

Issue 136		L
src: The guide contains eight chapters highlighting the importance of nutritional intake, nutritional support for those with tumors at different sites and receiving various services.
tar: 该指南包含八个章节，强调了营养摄入的重要性、对不同部位肿瘤患者的营养支持以及接受各种服务。

Issue 137		L
src: The guide contains eight chapters highlighting the importance of nutritional intake, nutritional support for those with tumors at different periods and receiving various services.
tar: 该指南包含八个章节，强调了营养摄入的重要性、不同时期肿瘤患者的营养支持以及接受各种服务。

Issue 138		L
src: The guide contains eight chapters highlighting the importance of nutritional intake, nutritional support for those with tumors at different phases and receiving medical services.
tar: 该指南包含八个章节，强调了营养摄入的重要性、不同阶段肿瘤患者的营养支持以及接受医疗服务。

Issue 139		L
src: The guide contains eight chapters highlighting the importance of nutritional intake, nutritional support for those with tumors at different phases and receiving various nutrients.
tar: 该指南包含八个章节，强调了营养摄入的重要性、对不同阶段肿瘤患者的营养支持以及接受各种营养素。

Issue 140		L
src: The guide contains eight chapters highlighting the importance of nutritional intake, nutritional support for those with tumors at different phases and receiving various benefits.
tar: 该指南包含八个章节，强调了营养摄入的重要性，以及对处于不同阶段的肿瘤患者的营养支持以及获得各种益处。

Issue 141		N
src: The NHS is setting up coronavirus vaccination centres across the UK in preparation for any jab being received, Health Secretary Matt Hancock has said.
tar: 卫生大臣马特汉考克表示，NHS 正在英国各地建立冠状病毒疫苗接种中心，为接受任何疫苗接种做准备。
ref: 卫生大臣马特汉考克表示，「NHS」 正在英国各地建立冠状病毒疫苗接种中心，为接受任何疫苗接种做准备。

Issue 142		O
src: The UK is setting up coronavirus vaccination centres across the UK in preparation for any jab being received, Health Secretary Matt Hancock has said.
tar: 英国卫生大臣马特汉考克表示，英国正在全英国建立冠状病毒疫苗接种中心，为接受任何疫苗接种做准备。
ref: 「英国」卫生大臣马特汉考克表示，英国正在全英国建立冠状病毒疫苗接种中心，为接受任何疫苗接种做准备。

Issue 143		U
src: Mass testing is being touted as a way of getting us much closer to a normal life and even of avoiding it in the future.
tar: 大规模检测被吹捧为让我们更接近正常生活甚至在未来避免这种生活的一种方式。
ref: 大规模检测【正在】被吹捧为让我们更接近正常生活甚至在未来避免这种生活的一种方式。

Issue 144		U
src: Mass testing is being touted as a way of getting us physically closer to a normal life and even of avoiding it in the future.
tar: 大规模检测被吹捧为让我们的身体更接近正常生活，甚至在未来避免这种生活的一种方式。

Issue 145		U
src: Mass testing is being touted as a way of getting us much closer to a good life and even of avoiding it in the future.
tar: 大规模检测被吹捧为让我们更接近美好生活，甚至在未来避免美好生活的一种方式。

Issue 146		U
src: Mass testing is being touted as a way of getting us much closer to a social life and even of avoiding it in the future.
tar: 大规模检测被吹捧为让我们更接近社交生活，甚至在未来避免社交生活的一种方式。

Issue 147		U
src: Mass testing is being touted as a way of getting us much closer to a happy life and even of avoiding it in the future.
tar: 大规模检测被吹捧为让我们更接近幸福生活，甚至在未来避免幸福生活的一种方式。

Issue 148		U
src: Mass testing is being touted as a way of getting us much closer to a real life and even of avoiding it in the future.
tar: 大规模检测被吹捧为让我们更接近现实生活，甚至在未来避免这种生活的一种方式。

Issue 149		U
src: Mass testing is being touted as a way of getting us much closer to a normal life and even of avoiding it in the meantime.
tar: 大规模检测被吹捧为让我们更接近正常生活甚至同时避免这种生活的一种方式。

Issue 150		U
src: Mass testing is being touted as a way of getting us much closer to a normal life and even of avoiding it in the end.
tar: 大规模检测被吹捧为让我们更接近正常生活甚至最终避免这种生活的一种方式。

Issue 151		U
src: Mass testing is being touted as a way of getting us much closer to a normal life and even of avoiding it in the extreme.
tar: 大规模检测被吹捧为让我们更接近正常生活甚至极端避免这种生活的一种方式。

Issue 152		W
src: We have also developed packaging and storage innovations to be fit for use for the range of locations where we believe this will take place.
tar: 我们还开发了包装和存储创新，以适用于我们认为会发生这种情况的各种地点。
ref: 我们还开发了包装和存储创新，以适用于我们认为会发生这种情况的「各种地点【地点范围】」。

Issue 153		O; W
src: We have already developed packaging and storage innovations to be fit for use for the range of locations where we believe this will take place.
tar: 我们已经开发出包装和存储创新产品，以适用于我们认为会发生这种情况的各种地点。
ref: 我们已经开发出包装和存储创新「产品」，以适用于我们认为会发生这种情况的「各种地点」。

Issue 154		W
src: We have also developed packaging and brand innovations to be fit for use for the range of locations where we believe this will take place.
tar: 我们还开发了包装和品牌创新，以适用于我们认为会发生这种情况的一系列地点。

Issue 155		W
src: The relationship between source control and environmental protection is likely complementary and possibly synergistic, so that individual benefit exists with the community mask use.
tar: 源头控制和环境保护之间的关系可能是互补的，也可能是协同的，因此个人利益与社区口罩使用存在关联。
ref: 源头控制和环境保护之间的关系可能是互补的，也可能是协同的，因此个人利益与社区口罩使用「存在关联」。

Issue 156		W
src: The relationship between source control and personal utility is likely complementary and possibly synergistic, so that individual benefit exists with the community mask use.
tar: 源头控制和个人效用之间的关系可能是互补的，也可能是协同的，因此个人利益与社区面具的使用有关。
ref: 源头控制和个人效用之间的关系可能是互补的，也可能是协同的，因此个人利益与社区面具的使用「有关」。

Issue 157		W
src: The relationship between source control and personal responsibility is likely complementary and possibly synergistic, so that individual benefit exists with the community mask use.
tar: 源头控制和个人责任之间的关系可能是互补的，也可能是协同的，因此个人利益与社区口罩的使用有关。

Issue 158		U
src: The relationship between source control and personal protection is likely complementary and also synergistic, so that individual benefit exists with the community mask use.
tar: 源头控制和个人防护之间的关系可能是互补和协同的，因此个人利益与社区口罩使用并存。
ref: 源头控制和个人防护之间的关系可能是互补「和【也是】」协同的，因此个人利益与社区口罩使用并存。

Issue 159		U
src: States in multiple states, including Nevada, Vermont and Illinois, have moved to ban antigen tests in nursing homes or prohibit their use.
tar: 包括内华达州、佛蒙特州和伊利诺伊州在内的多个州已采取行动禁止在疗养院进行抗原检测或禁止使用。
ref: 包括内华达州、佛蒙特州和伊利诺伊州在内的多个州【…】已采取行动禁止在疗养院进行抗原检测或禁止使用。

Issue 160		U
src: It also means that elective surgeries are being put off for things like knee replacements, for hip surgery or heart surgery in some countries.
tar: 这也意味着在一些国家，诸如膝关节置换术、髋关节手术或心脏手术等择期手术被推迟。
ref: 这也意味着在一些国家，诸如膝关节置换术、髋关节手术或心脏手术等择期手术【正在】被推迟。

Issue 161		U
src: It also means that elective surgeries are being put off for reasons like knee replacements, for hip surgery or heart surgery in some countries.
tar: 这也意味着在一些国家，由于膝关节置换、髋关节手术或心脏手术等原因，择期手术被推迟。
ref: 这也意味着在一些国家，由于膝关节置换、髋关节手术或心脏手术等原因，择期手术【…】被推迟。

Issue 162		U
src: It also means that elective surgeries are being put off for purposes like knee replacements, for hip surgery or heart surgery in some countries.
tar: 这也意味着一些国家出于膝关节置换术、髋关节手术或心脏手术等目的而推迟了择期手术。
ref: 这也意味着一些国家出于膝关节置换术、髋关节手术或心脏手术等目的「而推迟了【正在推迟】」择期手术。

Issue 163		U
src: It also means that elective surgeries are being put off for things like knee replacements, for hip surgery or heart surgery in some cases.
tar: 这也意味着在某些情况下，诸如膝关节置换术、髋关节手术或心脏手术等择期手术将被推迟。
ref: 这也意味着在某些情况下，诸如膝关节置换术、髋关节手术或心脏手术等择期手术「将【正在】」被推迟。

Issue 164		U
src: It also means that elective surgeries are being put off for things like knee replacements, for hip surgery or heart surgery in some places.
tar: 这也意味着一些地方的择期手术被推迟，比如膝关节置换术、髋关节手术或心脏手术。
ref: 这也意味着一些地方的择期手术【…】被推迟，比如膝关节置换术、髋关节手术或心脏手术。

Issue 165		U
src: It also means that elective surgeries are being put off for things like knee replacements, for hip surgery or heart surgery in some instances.
tar: 这也意味着在某些情况下，诸如膝关节置换术、髋关节手术或心脏手术等择期手术被推迟。

Issue 166		U
src: It also means that elective surgeries are being put off for things like knee replacements, for hip surgery or heart surgery in some circumstances.
tar: 这也意味着在某些情况下，诸如膝关节置换术、髋关节手术或心脏手术等择期手术将被推迟。

Issue 167		L
src: The concerns of state health officials were reportedly most evident in Nevada, where in early October the state approved antigen testing in all homes.
tar: 据报道，内华达州卫生官员的担忧最为明显，该州 10 月初批准在所有家庭进行抗原检测。
ref: 据报道，「内华达州」【州】卫生官员的担忧【在内华达州】最为明显，该州 10 月初批准在所有家庭进行抗原检测。

Issue 168		L
src: The concerns of state health officials were however most evident in Nevada, where in early October the state approved antigen testing in all homes.
tar: 然而，内华达州卫生官员的担忧最为明显，10 月初，该州批准在所有家庭进行抗原检测。

Issue 169		L
src: The concerns of state health officials were perhaps most significant in Nevada, where in early October the state approved antigen testing in all homes.
tar: 内华达州卫生官员的担忧可能最为严重，该州 10 月初批准在所有家庭进行抗原检测。

Issue 170		L
src: The concerns of state health officials were perhaps most evident in California, where in early October the state approved antigen testing in all homes.
tar: 加州卫生官员的担忧可能最为明显，该州在 10 月初批准了所有家庭的抗原检测。

Issue 171		L
src: The concerns of state health officials were perhaps most evident in Pennsylvania, where in early October the state approved antigen testing in all homes.
tar: 宾夕法尼亚州卫生官员的担忧可能最为明显，该州 10 月初批准在所有家庭进行抗原检测。

Issue 172		L
src: The concerns of state health officials were perhaps most evident in Texas, where in early October the state approved antigen testing in all homes.
tar: 德克萨斯州卫生官员的担忧可能最为明显，该州 10 月初批准在所有家庭进行抗原检测。

Issue 173		L
src: The concerns of state health officials were perhaps most evident in Virginia, where in early October the state approved antigen testing in all homes.
tar: 弗吉尼亚州卫生官员的担忧可能最为明显，10 月初该州批准在所有家庭进行抗原检测。

Issue 174		U
src: I also met more people and engaged in more discussions about the benefits of healthcare in China in one day than during the entire third quarter.
tar: 与整个第三季度相比，我在一天内会见了更多人，参与了更多有关中国医疗保健优势的讨论。
ref: 与整个第三季度相比，我在一天内【也】会见了更多人，参与了更多有关中国医疗保健优势的讨论。

Issue 175		O
src: I probably met more people and engaged in more discussions about the benefits of healthcare in China in one day than during the entire last quarter.
tar: 与上个季度的整个时间相比，一天之内我可能会见更多人并参与更多关于中国医疗保健优势的讨论。
ref: 与上个季度「的整个时间」相比，一天之内我可能会见更多人并参与更多关于中国医疗保健优势的讨论。

Issue 176		U; W
src: Those living under level four status would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel out of the area, and to keep journeys within the area to an absolute minimum.
tar: 建议生活在四级以下的人避免任何不必要的出该地区的旅行，并尽量减少在该地区的旅行。
ref: 建议生活在四级【状态/地位】以下的人避免任何不必要的出该地区的旅行，并「尽量减少在该地区的旅行【将在该地区内的旅行保持在绝对最低限度】」。

Issue 177		W
src: Those living under category four status would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel out of the area, and to keep journeys within the area to an absolute minimum.
tar: 建议生活在第四类身份下的人避免任何不必要的出境旅行，并将在该地区内的旅行保持在绝对最低限度。
ref: 建议生活在第四类身份下的人避免任何不必要的「出境」旅行，并将在该地区内的旅行保持在绝对最低限度。

Issue 178		U; W
src: Those living under level four status would be advised to avoid any direct travel out of the area, and to keep journeys within the area to an absolute minimum.
tar: 建议生活在四级以下的人避免直接离开该地区，并尽量减少在该地区的旅行。
ref: 建议生活在四级【状态/地位】以下的人避免【任何】直接离开该地区【的旅行】，并「尽量减少在该地区的旅行」。

Issue 179		U
src: Those living under level four status would be advised to avoid any significant travel out of the area, and to keep journeys within the area to an absolute minimum.
tar: 那些生活在四级以下的人将被建议避免在该地区外进行任何重大旅行，并将在该地区内的旅行保持在绝对最低限度。

Issue 180		U; W
src: Those living under level four status would be advised to avoid any outward travel out of the area, and to keep journeys within the area to an absolute minimum.
tar: 建议生活在四级以下的人避免任何出境旅行，并将在该地区内的旅行保持在绝对最低限度。
ref: 建议生活在四级【状态/地位】以下的人避免任何「出境」旅行，并将在该地区内的旅行保持在绝对最低限度。

Issue 181		U; W
src: Those living under level four status would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel out of the city, and to keep journeys within the area to an absolute minimum.
tar: 建议生活在四级以下的人避免任何不必要的出城旅行，并尽量减少在该地区的旅行。
ref: 建议生活在四级【状态/地位】以下的人避免任何不必要的出城旅行，并「尽量减少在该地区的旅行」。

Issue 182		U; W
src: Those living under level four status would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel out of the country, and to keep journeys within the area to an absolute minimum.
tar: 建议生活在四级以下的人避免任何不必要的出国旅行，并尽量减少在该地区的旅行。

Issue 183		U; W
src: Those living under level four status would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel out of the region, and to keep journeys within the area to an absolute minimum.
tar: 建议生活在四级以下的人避免任何不必要的出境旅行，并尽量减少在该地区的旅行。
ref: 建议生活在四级以【状态/地位】下的人避免任何不必要的「出境」旅行，并「尽量减少在该地区的旅行」。

Issue 184		U; W
src: Those living under level four status would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel out of the town, and to keep journeys within the area to an absolute minimum.
tar: 建议生活在四级以下的人避免任何不必要的出城旅行，并尽量减少在该地区的旅行。

Issue 185		U; W
src: Those living under level four status would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel out of the area, and to keep journeys within the region to an absolute minimum.
tar: 建议生活在四级以下的人避免任何不必要的出境旅行，并尽量减少在该地区的旅行。

Issue 186		U
src: Those living under level four status would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel out of the area, and to keep journeys within the community to an absolute minimum.
tar: 建议生活在四级以下的人避免任何不必要的外出旅行，并将社区内的旅行保持在绝对最低限度。

Issue 187		U; W
src: Those living under level four status would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel out of the area, and to keep journeys within the country to an absolute minimum.
tar: 建议生活在四级以下的人避免任何不必要的出境旅行，并将国内旅行保持在绝对最低限度。
ref: 建议生活在四级【状态/地位】以下的人避免任何不必要的「出境」旅行，并将国内旅行保持在绝对最低限度。

Issue 188		U; W
src: Those living under level four status would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel out of the area, and to keep journeys within the city to an absolute minimum.
tar: 建议生活在四级以下的人避免任何不必要的外出旅行，并尽量减少在城市内的旅行。
ref: 建议生活在四级【状态/地位】以下的人避免任何不必要的外出旅行，并「尽量减少在城市内的旅行」。

Issue 189		U; W
src: Those living under level four status would be advised to avoid any unnecessary travel out of the area, and to keep journeys within the town to an absolute minimum.
tar: 建议生活在四级以下的人避免任何不必要的外出旅行，并尽量减少在城镇内的旅行。

Issue 190		U
src: Any items which are determined for use will undergo a full series of safety checks, they will be absolutely safe for the public to use.
tar: 任何确定使用的物品都会经过一系列的安全检查，绝对安全供公众使用。
ref: 任何确定使用的物品都会经过一系列【完整】的安全检查，绝对安全供公众使用。

Issue 191		U
src: Any items which are determined for use will undergo a long series of safety checks, they will be absolutely safe for the public to use.
tar: 任何被确定使用的物品都会经过一系列的安全检查，绝对安全供公众使用。
ref: 任何被确定使用的物品都会经过一系列【长期】的安全检查，绝对安全供公众使用。

Issue 192		L
src: Any items which are determined for use will undergo a vigorous series of safety checks, they will be absolutely safe for the person to use.
tar: 任何被确定使用的物品都会经过一系列严格的安全检查，它们对使用人来说是绝对安全的。
ref: 任何被确定使用的物品都会经过一系列严格的安全检查，它们「对使用人来说」是绝对安全的。

Issue 193		U
src: Any items which are determined for use will undergo a vigorous series of safety checks, they will be absolutely safe for the operator to use.
tar: 任何确定使用的物品都会经过一系列严格的安全检查，对于操作者来说是绝对安全的。
ref: 任何确定使用的物品都会经过一系列严格的安全检查，对于操作者【使用】来说是绝对安全的。

Issue 194		U
src: Additionally, once daily, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among people who are at the highest risk of infection.
tar: 此外，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止在感染风险最高的人群中爆发。
ref: 此外，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止在感染风险最高的人群中「爆发【疾病/疫情】」。

Issue 195		U
src: Also, once daily, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among people who are at the highest risk of infection.
tar: 此外，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止在感染风险最高的人群中爆发。

Issue 196		U
src: Furthermore, once daily, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among people who are at the highest risk of infection.
tar: 此外，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止在感染风险最高的人群中爆发。

Issue 197		U
src: Alternatively, once daily, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among people who are at the highest risk of infection.
tar: 或者，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止在感染风险最高的人群中爆发。

Issue 198		U
src: Further, once daily, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among people who are at the highest risk of infection.
tar: 此外，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止在感染风险最高的人群中爆发。

Issue 199		U
src: Thus, once daily, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among people who are at the highest risk of infection.
tar: 因此，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止在感染风险最高的人群中爆发。

Issue 200		U
src: However, once daily, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among patients who are at the highest risk of infection.
tar: 然而，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止感染风险最高的患者爆发。

Issue 201		U
src: However, once daily, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among persons who are at the highest risk of infection.
tar: 但是，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止在感染风险最高的人群中爆发。

Issue 202		U
src: However, once daily, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among people who are at the highest level of infection.
tar: 然而，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止在感染程度最高的人群中爆发。

Issue 203		U
src: However, once daily, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among people who are at the highest stage of infection.
tar: 然而，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止处于感染最高阶段的人群中爆发。

Issue 204		U
src: However, once daily, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among people who are at the highest risk of exposure.
tar: 但是，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止在接触风险最高的人群中爆发。

Issue 205		L; U
src: However, once daily, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among people who are at the highest risk of disease.
tar: 然而，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止疾病在高危人群中爆发。
ref: 然而，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止「疾病在高危人群中爆发」。

Issue 206		U
src: However, once daily, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among people who are at the highest risk of mortality.
tar: 然而，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止在死亡风险最高的人群中爆发。

Issue 207		L; U
src: However, once daily, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among people who are at the highest risk of illness.
tar: 然而，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止疾病在高危人群中爆发。

Issue 208		U
src: However, once daily, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among people who are at the highest risk of cancer.
tar: 然而，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止在癌症风险最高的人群中爆发。

Issue 209		U
src: However, once daily, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among people who are at the highest risk of pneumonia.
tar: 然而，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止在肺炎风险最高的人群中爆发。

Issue 210		U
src: However, once daily, testing in a hospital or nursing home could prevent an outbreak among people who are at the highest risk of suicide.
tar: 然而，每天一次，在医院或疗养院进行检测可以防止在自杀风险最高的人群中爆发。

Issue 211		W
src: New coronavirus daily cases in the United States hit another record high Wednesday, with 140543 deaths and more expected before the end of the year.
tar: 周三，美国新冠病毒日均病例再创新高，死亡人数为 140543 人，预计年底前还会有更多人死亡。
ref: 周三，美国「新冠病毒【新的/新增 冠状病毒】」日均病例再创新高，死亡人数为 140543 人，预计年底前还会有更多人死亡。

Issue 212		W
src: New coronavirus daily deaths in the United States hit another record high Wednesday, with 140543 deaths and more expected before the end of the year.
tar: 周三，美国新冠病毒单日死亡人数再创历史新高，死亡人数为 140543 人，预计年底前还会有更多人死亡。
ref: 周三，美国「新冠病毒」单日死亡人数再创历史新高，死亡人数为 140543 人，预计年底前还会有更多人死亡。

Issue 213		W
src: New coronavirus daily counts in the United States hit another record high Wednesday, with 140543 deaths and more expected before the end of the year.
tar: 周三，美国新冠病毒每日计数再创历史新高，死亡人数为 140543 人，预计年底前还会有更多人死亡。

Issue 214		W
src: New coronavirus daily fatalities in the United States hit another record high Wednesday, with 140543 deaths and more expected before the end of the year.
tar: 周三，美国新冠病毒每日死亡人数再创历史新高，死亡人数为 140543 人，预计年底前还会有更多人死亡。

Issue 215		W
src: New coronavirus daily numbers in the United States hit another record high Wednesday, with 140543 deaths and more expected before the end of the year.
tar: 周三，美国新冠病毒日新增人数再创历史新高，死亡人数为 140543 人，年底前预计还会有更多人死亡。

Issue 216		W
src: New coronavirus daily cases in the United States hit another record high Wednesday, with 140543 deaths and more expected before the end of the month.
tar: 周三，美国新冠病毒日均病例再创历史新高，死亡人数为 140543 人，预计月底前还会有更多人死亡。

Issue 217		W
src: New coronavirus daily cases in the United States hit another record high Wednesday, with 140543 deaths and more expected before the end of the season.
tar: 周三，美国新冠病毒日均病例再创新高，死亡人数为 140543 人，预计本季结束前还会有更多人死亡。

Issue 218		U
src: All over the world, many hospitals are already at their breaking point, with overwhelmed and overworked staff members and a massive surge of patients.
tar: 在世界各地，许多医院已经处于崩溃的边缘，工作人员不堪重负，工作过度，患者人数激增。
ref: 在世界各地，许多医院已经处于崩溃的边缘，工作人员不堪重负，工作过度，患者人数【大规模/大幅度】激增。

Issue 219		U
src: All over the world, public hospitals are already at their breaking point, with overwhelmed and overworked staff members and a massive surge of patients.
tar: 在世界各地，公立医院已经处于崩溃的临界点，工作人员不堪重负，工作过度，患者人数激增。

Issue 220		U
src: All over the world, large hospitals are already at their breaking point, with overwhelmed and overworked staff members and a massive surge of patients.
tar: 在世界各地，大型医院已经处于崩溃的临界点，工作人员不堪重负，工作过度，患者人数激增。

Issue 221		U
src: All over the world, many hospitals are nearly at their breaking point, with overwhelmed and overworked staff members and a massive surge of patients.
tar: 在世界各地，许多医院都快要崩溃了，工作人员不堪重负，工作过度，患者人数激增。
ref: 在世界各地，许多医院「都快要崩溃了【(已经)处于崩溃的边缘】」，工作人员不堪重负，工作过度，患者人数【…】激增。

Issue 222		U
src: All over the world, many hospitals are currently at their breaking point, with overwhelmed and overworked staff members and a massive surge of patients.
tar: 在世界各地，许多医院目前正处于崩溃的边缘，工作人员不堪重负，工作过度，患者人数激增。
ref: 在世界各地，许多医院目前正处于崩溃的边缘，工作人员不堪重负，工作过度，患者人数【…】激增。

Issue 223		L; U
src: All over the world, many hospitals are already at their breaking point, with young and overworked staff members and a massive surge of patients.
tar: 在世界各地，许多医院已经处于崩溃的边缘，年轻且过度劳累的工作人员以及大量的患者。
ref: 在世界各地，许多医院已经处于崩溃的边缘，「年轻且过度劳累的工作人员以及大量的患者」。

Issue 224		W
src: The report said since the start of the pandemic adverse trends in poverty, however, employment and mental health for children and young people had worsened.
tar: 报告说，自大流行开始以来，贫困方面出现了不利趋势，但儿童和年轻人的就业和心理健康状况却有所恶化。
ref: 报告说，自「大流行【病】」开始以来，贫困方面出现了不利趋势，但儿童和年轻人的就业和心理健康状况却有所恶化。

Issue 225		W
src: The government said since the start of the pandemic adverse trends in poverty, however, employment and mental health for children and young people had worsened.
tar: 政府表示，自大流行开始以来，贫困方面出现了不利趋势，然而，儿童和年轻人的就业和心理健康状况已经恶化。
ref: 政府表示，自「大流行」开始以来，贫困方面出现了不利趋势，然而，儿童和年轻人的就业和心理健康状况已经恶化。

Issue 226		W
src: The ministry said since the start of the pandemic adverse trends in poverty, however, employment and mental health for children and young people had worsened.
tar: 该部表示，自大流行开始以来，贫困方面出现了不利趋势，但儿童和年轻人的就业和心理健康状况已经恶化。

Issue 227		W
src: The paper said since the start of the pandemic adverse trends in poverty, however, employment and mental health for children and young people had worsened.
tar: 该报称，自大流行开始以来，贫困方面出现了不利趋势，但儿童和年轻人的就业和心理健康状况却有所恶化。

Issue 228		O; W
src: The report said since the start of the pandemic adverse increases in poverty, however, employment and mental health for children and young people had worsened.
tar: 报告称，自大流行开始以来，贫困人口出现不利增长，但儿童和年轻人的就业和心理健康状况却有所恶化。
ref: 报告称，自「大流行」开始以来，贫困「人口」出现不利增长，但儿童和年轻人的就业和心理健康状况却有所恶化。

Issue 229		W
src: The report said since the start of the pandemic adverse trends in employment, however, employment and mental health for children and young people had worsened.
tar: 报告称，自大流行开始以来，就业出现不利趋势，但儿童和年轻人的就业和心理健康状况有所恶化。

Issue 230		W
src: The report said since the start of the pandemic adverse trends in population, however, employment and mental health for children and young people had worsened.
tar: 报告称，自大流行开始以来人口出现不利趋势，但儿童和年轻人的就业和心理健康状况恶化。
ref: 报告称，自「大流行」开始以来人口出现不利趋势，但儿童和年轻人的就业和心理健康状况恶化。

Issue 231		L; W
src: The report said since the start of the pandemic adverse trends in poverty, however, employment and poor health for children and young people had worsened.
tar: 报告说，自大流行开始以来，贫困的不利趋势已经恶化，儿童和年轻人的就业和健康状况不佳。
ref: 报告说，自「大流行」开始以来，贫困的不利趋势「已经恶化」，儿童和年轻人的就业和健康状况不佳【(的情况 已经)恶化】。

Issue 232		W
src: The report said since the start of the pandemic adverse trends in poverty, however, employment and good health for children and young people had worsened.
tar: 报告说，自大流行开始以来，贫困方面出现了不利趋势，但儿童和年轻人的就业和健康状况却有所恶化。

Issue 233		L
src: The hope is this can be used to stamp out an outbreak, by allowing everyone who tests positive to isolate, without subject to strict restrictions.
tar: 希望这可以用来阻止疫情爆发，允许所有检测呈阳性的人进行隔离，而不受严格限制。
ref: 希望这可以用来阻止疫情爆发，【通过】允许所有检测呈阳性的人进行隔离，而不受严格限制。

Issue 234		W
src: The intention is this can be used to stamp out an outbreak, by allowing everyone who tests positive to isolate, without subject to strict restrictions.
tar: 目的是通过允许每个测试呈阳性的人进行隔离，而不受严格限制，从而可以用来消除疫情。
ref: 目的是通过允许每个测试呈阳性的人进行隔离，而不受严格限制，从而可以用来「消除疫情【阻止 疫情爆发】」。

Issue 235		U; W
src: The hope is this can be used to stamp out an outbreak, by allowing anyone who tests positive to isolate, without subject to strict restrictions.
tar: 希望通过允许任何测试呈阳性的人隔离，而不受严格限制，这可以用来消除爆发。
ref: 希望通过允许任何测试呈阳性的人隔离，而不受严格限制，这可以用来「消除爆发【阻止 疫情爆发】」。

Issue 236		W
src: The hope is this can be used to stamp out an outbreak, by allowing someone who tests positive to isolate, without subject to strict restrictions.
tar: 希望通过允许测试呈阳性的人隔离，而不受严格限制，这可以用来消除疫情。
ref: 希望通过允许测试呈阳性的人隔离，而不受严格限制，这可以用来「消除疫情【阻止 疫情爆发】」。

Issue 237		U; W
src: The hope is this can be used to stamp out an outbreak, by allowing anybody who tests positive to isolate, without subject to strict restrictions.
tar: 希望通过允许任何测试呈阳性的人隔离，而不受严格限制，这可以用来消除爆发。
ref: 希望通过允许任何测试呈阳性的人隔离，而不受严格限制，这可以用来「消除爆发」。

Issue 238		L
src: The hope is this can be used to stamp out an outbreak, by allowing everyone who tests positive to isolate, without subject to certain restrictions.
tar: 希望这可以用来阻止疫情爆发，允许每个测试呈阳性的人进行隔离，而不受某些限制。
ref: 希望这可以用来阻止疫情爆发，【通过】允许每个测试呈阳性的人进行隔离，而不受某些限制。

Issue 239		U
src: In case of detecting suspect COVID patients, we are going to activate all the protection procedures for our staff and transport the potentially dangerous persons to hospital.
tar: 如果检测到疑似 COVID 患者，我们将为我们的员工启动所有保护程序，并将有潜在危险的人送往医院。
ref: 如果检测到疑似 「COVID」 患者，我们将为我们的员工启动所有保护程序，并将有潜在危险的人送往医院。

Issue 240		U
src: In respect of detecting suspect COVID patients, we are going to activate all the protection procedures for our staff and transport the potentially dangerous persons to hospital.
tar: 在检测疑似 COVID 患者方面，我们将启动对我们员工的所有保护程序，并将有潜在危险的人送往医院。

Issue 241		U; W
src: In case of detecting suspect COVID patients, we are going to activate all the protection procedures for our staff and transport the potentially vulnerable persons to hospital.
tar: 如果检测到疑似 COVID 患者，我们将为我们的员工启动所有保护程序，并将可能易受伤害的人送往医院。
ref: 如果检测到疑似 「COVID」 患者，我们将为我们的员工启动所有保护程序，并将「可能【潜在的】」易受伤害的人送往医院。

Issue 242		U; W
src: In case of detecting suspect COVID patients, we are going to activate all the protection procedures for our staff and transport the potentially infected persons to hospital.
tar: 如果检测到疑似 COVID 患者，我们将为我们的员工启动所有保护程序，并将可能感染的人送往医院。

Issue 243		W
src: Keyhole surgery can allow complicated procedures to be carried out with just a few access cuts, helping to reduce patient recovery times and the risk of infection.
tar: 锁孔手术只需切开几个通道即可执行复杂的手术，有助于缩短患者康复时间并降低感染风险。
ref: 锁孔手术只需「切开几个通道【几个 可以进入的 切口】」即可执行复杂的手术，有助于缩短患者康复时间并降低感染风险。

Issue 244		W
src: Keyhole extraction can allow complicated procedures to be carried out with just a few access cuts, helping to reduce patient recovery times and the risk of infection.
tar: 锁孔拔除术只需切开几个通道即可执行复杂的手术，有助于缩短患者康复时间并降低感染风险。

Issue 245		W
src: Keyhole surgery can allow complicated procedures to be carried out with just a few access cuts, helping to reduce patient response times and the risk of infection.
tar: 锁孔手术只需切开几个通道即可执行复杂的手术，有助于缩短患者的反应时间并降低感染风险。

Issue 246		U
src: Many patients do not know how to eat in a healthy way, and our goal is to enhance tumor patients' quality of life and extend their life expectancy.
tar: 许多患者不知道如何健康饮食，我们的目标是提高肿瘤患者的生活质量并延长他们的预期寿命。
ref: 许多患者不知道如何「健康【以健康的方式】」饮食，我们的目标是提高肿瘤患者的生活质量并延长他们的预期寿命。

Issue 247		U
src: Many children do not know how to eat in a healthy way, and our goal is to enhance tumor patients' quality of life and extend their life expectancy.
tar: 许多孩子不知道如何健康饮食，我们的目标是提高肿瘤患者的生活质量并延长他们的预期寿命。

Issue 248		U
src: Many people do not know how to eat in a healthy manner, and our goal is to enhance tumor patients' quality of life and extend their life expectancy.
tar: 许多人不知道如何健康饮食，我们的目标是提高肿瘤患者的生活质量并延长他们的预期寿命。

Issue 249		U
src: Many people do not know how to eat in a healthy diet, and our goal is to enhance tumor patients' quality of life and extend their life expectancy.
tar: 许多人不知道如何健康饮食，我们的目标是提高肿瘤患者的生活质量并延长他们的预期寿命。

Issue 250		U
src: Many people do not know how to eat in a healthy way, and our purpose is to enhance tumor patients' quality of life and extend their life expectancy.
tar: 许多人不知道如何健康饮食，我们的目的是提高肿瘤患者的生活质量，延长他们的预期寿命。

Issue 251		U
src: Many people do not know how to eat in a healthy way, and our intention is to enhance tumor patients' quality of life and extend their life expectancy.
tar: 很多人不知道如何健康饮食，我们的目的是提高肿瘤患者的生活质量，延长他们的预期寿命。

Issue 252		N; U
src: A 14-year-old teenage boy is starting legal proceedings against NHS England over delays to gender reassignment treatment.
tar: 一名 14 岁的十几岁男孩因延迟变性治疗而对 NHS England 提起法律诉讼。
ref: 一名 14 岁的十几岁男孩【正在】因延迟变性治疗而对 「NHS England」 提起法律诉讼。

Issue 253		N
src: A 14-year-old teenage boy is starting legal proceedings against NHS England over rights to gender reassignment treatment.
tar: 一名 14 岁的十几岁男孩正在就变性治疗的权利对 NHS England 提起法律诉讼。

Issue 254		W
src: The results are only representative of nine marine corps recruit classes and more research is needed to determine whether similar results would emerge among other classes of young adults.
tar: 结果仅代表九个海军陆战队新兵类别，需要更多研究来确定类似结果是否会出现在其他类别的年轻人中。
ref: 结果仅代表九个海军陆战队新兵「类别【班级】」，需要更多研究来确定类似结果是否会出现在其他「类别【班级】」的年轻人中。

Issue 255		W
src: The findings are only representative of nine marine corps recruit classes and more research is needed to determine whether similar results would emerge among other classes of young adults.
tar: 这些发现仅代表九个海军陆战队新兵类别，需要更多的研究来确定类似的结果是否会出现在其他类别的年轻人中。

Issue 256		W
src: The data are only representative of nine marine corps recruit classes and more research is needed to determine whether similar results would emerge among other classes of young adults.
tar: 这些数据仅代表九个海军陆战队新兵类别，需要更多的研究来确定类似的结果是否会出现在其他类别的年轻人中。

Issue 257		W
src: The results are only representative of nine marine corps recruit classes and more research is needed to determine whether similar effects would emerge among other classes of young adults.
tar: 结果仅代表九个海军陆战队新兵类别，需要更多研究来确定其他类别的年轻人是否会出现类似的影响。

Issue 258		W
src: The results are only representative of nine marine corps recruit classes and more research is needed to determine whether similar problems would emerge among other classes of young adults.
tar: 结果仅代表九个海军陆战队新兵类别，需要更多研究来确定其他类别的年轻人是否会出现类似问题。

Issue 259		W
src: The results are only representative of nine marine corps recruit classes and more research is needed to determine whether similar behaviors would emerge among other classes of young adults.
tar: 结果仅代表九个海军陆战队新兵类别，需要更多研究来确定其他类别的年轻人是否会出现类似行为。

Issue 260		W
src: The results are only representative of nine marine corps recruit classes and more research is needed to determine whether similar results would emerge among other classes of military adults.
tar: 结果仅代表九个海军陆战队新兵类别，需要更多研究来确定其他类别的成年军人是否会出现类似结果。

Issue 261		W
src: The results are only representative of nine marine corps recruit classes and more research is needed to determine whether similar results would emerge among other classes of young recruits.
tar: 结果仅代表九个海军陆战队新兵类别，需要更多研究来确定其他类别的年轻新兵是否会出现类似结果。

Issue 262		W
src: The results are only representative of nine marine corps recruit classes and more research is needed to determine whether similar results would emerge among other classes of young soldiers.
tar: 结果仅代表九个海军陆战队新兵类别，需要更多研究来确定其他类别的年轻士兵是否会出现类似结果。

Issue 263		W
src: The results are only representative of nine marine corps recruit classes and more research is needed to determine whether similar results would emerge among other classes of young males.
tar: 结果仅代表九个海军陆战队新兵类别，需要更多研究来确定其他类别的年轻男性是否会出现类似结果。

Issue 264		W
src: Sun says cat owners should create some quiet corner or a climber to give their cats a choice when they want to be alone and try not to scare them.
tar: 孙说，猫主人应该创造一些安静的角落或一个攀爬者，让他们的猫在想独处时有选择，尽量不要吓到它们。
ref: 孙说，猫主人应该创造一些安静的角落或一个「攀爬者【爬架】」，让他们的猫在想独处时有选择，尽量不要吓到它们。

Issue 265		W
src: Sun says cat lovers should create some quiet corner or a climber to give their cats a choice when they want to be alone and try not to scare them.
tar: 孙说，爱猫的人应该创造一些安静的角落或一个攀爬者，让他们的猫在想独处时有选择的余地，尽量不要吓到它们。

Issue 266		N
src: Sun says cat owners should create some little corner or a climber to give their cats a choice when they want to be alone and try not to scare them.
tar: Sun 说，猫主人应该创造一些小角落或攀爬器，让他们的猫在想独处时有选择的余地，尽量不要吓到它们。
ref: 「Sun」 说，猫主人应该创造一些小角落或攀爬器，让他们的猫在想独处时有选择的余地，尽量不要吓到它们。

Issue 267		W
src: Sun says cat owners should create some hidden corner or a climber to give their cats a choice when they want to be alone and try not to scare them.
tar: 孙说，猫主人应该创造一些隐蔽的角落或攀爬者，让他们的猫在想独处时有选择的余地，尽量不要吓到它们。

Issue 268		N; W
src: Sun says cat owners should create some quiet corner or a climber to give their dogs a choice when they want to be alone and try not to scare them.
tar: Sun 说，猫主人应该创造一些安静的角落或一个攀爬者，让他们的狗在想独处时有选择的余地，尽量不要吓到它们。

Issue 269		U
src: It means there needs to be detection and monitoring techniques and prevention measures for plant quarantine and studies of its natural habitat to prevent further invasion of new invasive plant pests.
tar: 即需要有植物检疫的检测监测技术和防治措施，对其自然生境进行研究，以防止新的植物有害生物的进一步入侵。
ref: 【这意味着】即需要有植物检疫的检测监测技术和防治措施，对其自然生境进行研究，以防止新的【入侵】植物有害生物的进一步入侵。

Issue 270		O
src: China is a country that is in most jeopardy from invasive alien species-ones that are introduced, accidentally or intentionally, outside of their natural geographic range and which are problematic.
tar: 中国是一个最容易受到外来入侵物种威胁的国家，这些外来物种是无意或有意地在其自然地理范围之外引入的，并且是有问题的。
ref: 中国是一个「最容易受到外来入侵物种威胁【最受外来入侵物种危害/受外来入侵物种危害最严重】」的国家，这些外来物种是无意或有意地在其自然地理范围之外引入的，并且是有问题的。

Issue 271		O
src: China is a country that is in most jeopardy from many alien species-ones that are introduced, accidentally or intentionally, outside of their natural geographic range and which are problematic.
tar: 中国是一个最容易受到许多外来物种威胁的国家——这些外来物种是无意或有意地在其自然地理范围之外引入的，并且是有问题的。

Issue 272		O
src: China is a country that is in most jeopardy from invasive plant species-ones that are introduced, accidentally or intentionally, outside of their natural geographic range and which are problematic.
tar: 中国是一个最容易受到入侵植物物种威胁的国家——这些物种是无意或有意地在其自然地理范围之外引入的，并且是有问题的。

Issue 273		O
src: China is a country that is in most jeopardy from invasive animal species-ones that are introduced, accidentally or intentionally, outside of their natural geographic range and which are problematic.
tar: 中国是一个最容易受到入侵动物物种威胁的国家——这些物种是有意或无意地在其自然地理范围之外引入的，并且是有问题的。

Issue 274		O
src: China is a country that is in most jeopardy from invasive alien species-ones that are introduced, accidentally or intentionally, outside of their current geographic range and which are problematic.
tar: 中国是一个最容易受到外来入侵物种威胁的国家，这些外来物种是无意或有意地在其当前地理范围之外引入的，并且是有问题的。

Issue 275		O
src: China is a country that is in most jeopardy from invasive alien species-ones that are introduced, accidentally or intentionally, outside of their natural natural range and which are problematic.
tar: 中国是一个最容易受到外来入侵物种威胁的国家——这些外来物种是有意或无意地在自然分布范围之外引入的，并且是有问题的。

Issue 276		U; W
src: Since COVID-19 appeared, traditional Chinese medicine has taken center stage, and in line with public health needs and awareness the trend has been to the more quintessential health regime.
tar: 自 COVID-19 出现以来，传统中医占据了中心位置，并且根据公共卫生需求和意识，趋势已转向更典型的健康制度。
ref: 自 「COVID-19」 出现以来，传统中医占据了中心位置，并且「根据【符合】」公共卫生需求和意识，趋势已转向更典型的健康制度。

Issue 277		U; W
src: Since COVID-19 appeared, traditional Chinese medicine has taken center stage, and in accordance with public health needs and awareness the trend has been to the more quintessential health regime.
tar: 自 COVID-19 出现以来，中医占据了中心位置，并且根据公共卫生需求和意识，趋势已转向更精髓的健康制度。
ref: 自 「COVID-19」 出现以来，中医占据了中心位置，并且「根据」公共卫生需求和意识，趋势已转向更精髓的健康制度。

Issue 278		U; W
src: Since COVID-19 appeared, traditional Chinese medicine has taken center stage, and in accord with public health needs and awareness the trend has been to the more quintessential health regime.
tar: 自 COVID-19 出现以来，中医占据了中心位置，并且根据公共卫生需求和意识，趋势已转向更典型的健康制度。

Issue 279		U; W
src: Since COVID-19 appeared, traditional Chinese medicine has taken center stage, and in line with contemporary health needs and awareness the trend has been to the more quintessential health regime.
tar: 自 COVID-19 出现以来，传统中医占据了中心位置，并且根据当代健康需求和意识，趋势已转向更典型的健康制度。

Issue 280		U; W
src: Since COVID-19 appeared, traditional Chinese medicine has taken center stage, and in line with public health policies and awareness the trend has been to the more quintessential health regime.
tar: 自 COVID-19 出现以来，中医就占据了中心位置，并且根据公共卫生政策和意识，趋势已转向更典型的健康制度。

Issue 281		U; W
src: Since COVID-19 appeared, traditional Chinese medicine has taken center stage, and in line with public health efforts and awareness the trend has been to the more quintessential health regime.
tar: 自 COVID-19 出现以来，中医就占据了中心位置，并且与公共卫生的努力和意识相一致，趋势是向更典型的健康制度发展。
ref: 自 「COVID-19」 出现以来，中医就占据了中心位置，并且与公共卫生的努力和意识相「一致」，趋势是「向更典型的健康制度发展」。

Issue 282		U; W
src: Since COVID-19 appeared, traditional Chinese medicine has taken center stage, and in line with public health trends and awareness the trend has been to the more quintessential health regime.
tar: 自从 COVID-19 出现以来，中医就占据了中心位置，并且与公共卫生趋势和意识相一致，趋势一直是更典型的健康制度。
ref: 自从 「COVID-19」 出现以来，中医就占据了中心位置，并且与公共卫生趋势和意识相一致，趋势「一直是更典型的健康制度」。

Issue 283		U; W
src: Since COVID-19 appeared, traditional Chinese medicine has taken center stage, and in line with public health needs and awareness the shift has been to the more quintessential health regime.
tar: 自 COVID-19 出现以来，传统中医占据了中心位置，并且根据公共卫生需求和意识，已经转向更典型的健康制度。

Issue 284		U; W
src: Since COVID-19 appeared, traditional Chinese medicine has taken center stage, and in line with public health needs and awareness the switch has been to the more quintessential health regime.
tar: 自 COVID-19 出现以来，传统中医占据了中心位置，并且根据公共卫生需求和意识，转向了更典型的健康制度。

Issue 285		U; W
src: Since COVID-19 appeared, traditional Chinese medicine has taken center stage, and in line with public health needs and awareness the focus has been to the more quintessential health regime.
tar: 自 COVID-19 出现以来，中医占据了中心位置，并且根据公共卫生需求和意识，重点一直放在更典型的健康制度上。
ref: 自 「COVID-19」 出现以来，中医占据了中心位置，并且「根据」公共卫生需求和意识，重点「一直放在更典型的健康制度上」。

Issue 286		U; W
src: Since COVID-19 appeared, traditional Chinese medicine has taken center stage, and in line with public health needs and awareness the trend has been to the more quintessential health profession.
tar: 自从 COVID-19 出现以来，中医就占据了中心位置，并且根据公共卫生需求和意识，趋势已经转向更精髓的卫生专业。

Issue 287		L
src: With earlier doubts and fears now all but dissipated, she now felt at ease with minor plastic surgery, she thought, and acknowledges that it had been somewhat addictive.
tar: 早先的疑虑和恐惧现在几乎烟消云散，她现在对小整形手术感到放心，她认为，并承认这有点上瘾。
ref: 【随着】早先的疑虑和恐惧现在几乎烟消云散，她现在对小整形手术感到放心，她认为，并承认这有点上瘾。

Issue 288		L; W
src: With earlier doubts and fears now all but dissipated, she now felt at ease with minor plastic surgery, she thought, and acknowledges that it had been highly addictive.
tar: 早先的疑虑和恐惧现在几乎烟消云散，她现在对小整形手术感到很自在，她认为，并承认它很容易上瘾。
ref: 【随着】早先的疑虑和恐惧现在几乎烟消云散，她现在对小整形手术「感到很自在【放心/安心】」，她认为，并承认它很容易上瘾。

Issue 289		L; W
src: With earlier doubts and fears now all but dissipated, she now felt at ease with minor plastic surgery, she thought, and acknowledges that it had been extremely addictive.
tar: 早先的疑虑和恐惧现在几乎烟消云散，她现在对小整形手术感到很自在，她认为，并承认它非常容易上瘾。

Issue 290		L
src: With earlier doubts and fears now all but dissipated, she now felt at ease with minor plastic surgery, she thought, and acknowledges that it had been deeply addictive.
tar: 早先的疑虑和恐惧现在几乎烟消云散，她现在对小整形手术感到放心，她认为，并承认它已经深深地上瘾了。

Issue 291		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将重点介绍这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗项目，以及其在中国的资产组合疫苗。
ref: 该公司将重点介绍这一点，以及其自己的 「COVID-19」 疫苗和疫苗项目，以及其在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 292		U
src: The deal will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该交易将强调这一点，以及它自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗项目，以及它在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 293		U
src: The report will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该报告将强调这一点，以及它自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗计划，以及它在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 294		U
src: The plan will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该计划将强调这一点，以及它自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗项目，以及它在中国的资产组合——疫苗。

Issue 295		U
src: The bill will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该法案将强调这一点，以及它自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗计划，以及它在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 296		U
src: The agreement will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该协议将强调这一点，以及它自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗计划，以及它在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 297		U
src: The award will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该奖项将突出这一点，以及它自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗项目，以及它在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 298		U
src: The proposal will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该提案将强调这一点，以及它自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗计划，以及它在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 299		U
src: The fund will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该基金将强调这一点，以及它自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗计划，以及它在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 300		U
src: The transaction will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该交易将突出这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗项目，以及其在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 301		U
src: The listing will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该上市将突出这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗计划，以及其在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 302		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 drug and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 药物和疫苗项目，以及其在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 303		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 research and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 研究和疫苗计划，以及其在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 304		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 health and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 除了其在中国的资产组合疫苗外，该公司还将强调这一点以及自己的 COVID-19 健康和疫苗计划。

Issue 305		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and treatment programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和治疗项目，以及其在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 306		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and education programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和教育计划，以及其在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 307		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and development programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和开发计划，以及其在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 308		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and drug programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和药物项目，以及其在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 309		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and conservation programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和保护计划，以及其在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 310		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and therapy programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和治疗项目，以及其在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 311		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and screening programs, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和筛查计划，以及其在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 312		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine products, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗产品，以及其在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 313		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine systems, in addition to its portfolio of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗系统，以及其在中国的资产组合疫苗。

Issue 314		L; U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its acquisition of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及它自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗项目，以及在中国收购疫苗资产。
ref: 该公司将强调这一点，以及它自己的 「COVID-19」 疫苗和疫苗项目，以及在中国「收购疫苗资产」。

Issue 315		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its array of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗计划，以及其在中国的一系列资产疫苗。

Issue 316		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its group of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗计划，以及其在中国的资产组疫苗。

Issue 317		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its list of assets in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及它自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗项目，以及它在中国的资产清单——疫苗。

Issue 318		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of products in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及它自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗计划，以及它在中国的产品组合——疫苗。

Issue 319		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of businesses in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗项目，以及其在中国的业务组合——疫苗。

Issue 320		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of services in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及它自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗项目，以及它在中国的服务组合——疫苗。

Issue 321		U
src: The company will highlight this, as well as its own COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine programs, in addition to its portfolio of brands in china, vaccines.
tar: 该公司将强调这一点，以及其自己的 COVID-19 疫苗和疫苗计划，以及其在中国的品牌组合疫苗。

Issue 322		U
src: Nursing homes are still taking days to get back Covid-19 test results as many as the Trump administration's central strategy to prevent the spread of the virus among old and sick Americans.
tar: 疗养院仍需要几天时间才能取回 Covid-19 检测结果，这与特朗普政府防止病毒在美国老人和病人之间传播的核心战略一样多。
ref: 疗养院仍需要几天时间才能取回 「Covid-19」 检测结果，这与特朗普政府防止病毒在美国老人和病人之间传播的核心战略一样多。

Issue 323		U
src: Nursing homes are reportedly taking days to get back Covid-19 test results as many as the Trump administration's central strategy to prevent the spread of the virus among old and sick Americans.
tar: 据报道，疗养院需要几天时间才能取回 Covid-19 检测结果，这与特朗普政府防止病毒在美国老人和病人之间传播的核心战略一样多。

Issue 324		U
src: Nursing homes are still taking efforts to get back Covid-19 test results as many as the Trump administration's central strategy to prevent the spread of the virus among old and sick Americans.
tar: 疗养院仍在努力取回 Covid-19 检测结果，这与特朗普政府防止病毒在美国老人和病人之间传播的核心战略一样多。

Issue 325		U
src: Nursing homes are still taking days to get back Covid-19 test results as many as the Trump administration's current strategy to prevent the spread of the virus among old and sick Americans.
tar: 疗养院仍需要几天时间才能取回 Covid-19 检测结果，这与特朗普政府目前防止病毒在美国老人和病人之间传播的策略一样多。

Issue 326		W
src: He also announced that next year marks the 20th year of SCO, and activities like art exhibitions, film festival, student football tournament and boxing tournament will be held in member cities.
tar: 他还宣布，明年是上海合作组织成立20周年，将在成员国城市举办艺术展、电影节、学生足球赛、拳击赛等活动。
ref: 他还宣布，明年是上海合作组织成立20周年，将在「成员国城市」举办艺术展、电影节、学生足球赛、拳击赛等活动。

Issue 327		N
src: Romanelli, who has spent six years living in China, attributed this poor performance in part to the government's comprehensive approach to public health measures and policies that protect business and incentivize investment.
tar: 在中国生活了六年的 Romanelli 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于政府对保护企业和激励投资的公共卫生措施和政策采取的综合方法。
ref: 在中国生活了六年的 「Romanelli」 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于政府对保护企业和激励投资的公共卫生措施和政策采取的综合方法。

Issue 328		N; W
src: Romanelli, who has spent six years living in China, attributed this poor performance in part to the state's comprehensive approach to public health measures and policies that protect business and incentivize investment.
tar: 在中国生活了六年的 Romanelli 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于国家对保护企业和激励投资的公共卫生措施和政策的全面处理。
ref: 在中国生活了六年的 「Romanelli」 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于国家对保护企业和激励投资的公共卫生措施和政策的「全面处理【综合方法】」。

Issue 329		N; U
src: Romanelli, who has spent six years living in China, attributed this poor performance in part to the city's comprehensive approach to public health measures and policies that protect business and incentivize investment.
tar: 在中国生活了六年的 Romanelli 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于该市采取全面的公共卫生措施和政策来保护企业和激励投资。
ref: 在中国生活了六年的 「Romanelli」 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于该市采取全面的公共卫生措施和政策来保护企业和激励投资【的方法】。

Issue 330		L; N
src: Romanelli, who has spent six years living in China, attributed this poor performance in part to the company's comprehensive approach to public health measures and policies that protect business and incentivize investment.
tar: 在中国生活了六年的 Romanelli 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于公司在公共卫生措施和政策方面的综合方法，以保护企业和激励投资。
ref: 在中国生活了六年的 「Romanelli」 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于公司【…】在公共卫生措施和政策方面的综合方法「，以保护企业和激励投资」。

Issue 331		N; U
src: Romanelli, who has spent six years living in China, attributed this poor performance in part to the government's ineffective approach to public health measures and policies that protect business and incentivize investment.
tar: 在中国生活了六年的 Romanelli 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于政府在保护企业和激励投资的公共卫生措施和政策方面效率低下。
ref: 在中国生活了六年的 「Romanelli」 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于政府在保护企业和激励投资的公共卫生措施和政策方面效率低下【…】。

Issue 332		L; N; U
src: Romanelli, who has spent six years living in China, attributed this poor performance in part to the government's inadequate approach to public health measures and policies that protect business and incentivize investment.
tar: 在中国生活了六年的 Romanelli 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于政府在保护企业和激励投资方面采取的公共卫生措施和政策不当。
ref: 在中国生活了六年的 「Romanelli」 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于政府在保护企业和激励投资方面「采取的公共卫生措施和政策不当」。

Issue 333		N
src: Romanelli, who has spent six years living in China, attributed this poor performance in part to the government's comprehensive access to public health measures and policies that protect business and incentivize investment.
tar: 在中国生活了六年的 Romanelli 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于政府全面获得保护企业和激励投资的公共卫生措施和政策。

Issue 334		N
src: Romanelli, who has spent six years living in China, attributed this poor performance in part to the government's comprehensive dedication to public health measures and policies that protect business and incentivize investment.
tar: 在中国生活了六年的 Romanelli 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于政府全面致力于保护企业和激励投资的公共卫生措施和政策。

Issue 335		N; W
src: Romanelli, who has spent six years living in China, attributed this poor performance in part to the government's comprehensive approach to mental health measures and policies that protect business and incentivize investment.
tar: 在中国生活了六年的 Romanelli 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于政府对保护企业和激励投资的心理健康措施和政策的全面处理。

Issue 336		N; W
src: Romanelli, who has spent six years living in China, attributed this poor performance in part to the government's comprehensive approach to public security measures and policies that protect business and incentivize investment.
tar: 在中国生活了六年的 Romanelli 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于政府对保护企业和激励投资的公共安全措施和政策的全面处理。

Issue 337		N; W
src: Romanelli, who has spent six years living in China, attributed this poor performance in part to the government's comprehensive approach to public health measures and practices that protect business and incentivize investment.
tar: 在中国生活了六年的 Romanelli 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于政府对保护企业和激励投资的公共卫生措施和做法的全面处理。

Issue 338		U
src: Romanelli, who has spent six years living in China, attributed this poor performance in part to the government's comprehensive approach to public health measures and policies that protect business and incentivize consumption.
tar: 在中国生活了六年的罗曼内利将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于政府在保护企业和刺激消费方面采取的全面公共卫生措施和政策。
ref: 在中国生活了六年的罗曼内利将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于政府在保护企业和刺激消费方面采取的全面公共卫生措施和政策【…】。

Issue 339		N; U
src: Romanelli, who has spent six years living in China, attributed this poor performance in part to the government's comprehensive approach to public health measures and policies that protect business and incentivize growth.
tar: 在中国生活了六年的 Romanelli 将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于政府采取全面的公共卫生措施和政策来保护企业和激励增长。

Issue 340		U
src: Romanelli, who has spent six years living in China, attributed this poor performance in part to the government's comprehensive approach to public health measures and policies that protect business and incentivize immigration.
tar: 在中国生活了六年的罗曼内利将这种糟糕的表现部分归因于政府在保护企业和鼓励移民方面采取的全面公共卫生措施和政策。

Issue 341		U
src: Seventy percent of the new sleepers said they could sleep seven hours a day, and nearly 8 percent said they suffered from severe sleep loss, with average sleep of five hours or more.
tar: 70% 的新睡眠者表示他们每天可以睡 7 个小时，近 8% 的人表示他们严重失眠，平均睡眠时间为 5 小时或更长时间。
ref: 70% 的新睡眠者表示他们每天可以睡 7 个小时，近 8% 的人表示他们【遭受/患有】严重失眠，平均睡眠时间为 5 小时或更长时间。

Issue 342		U
src: Seventy percent of the affected sleepers said they could sleep seven hours a day, and nearly 8 percent said they suffered from severe sleep loss, with average sleep of five hours or more.
tar: 70% 的受影响睡眠者表示他们每天可以睡 7 个小时，近 8% 的人表示他们严重失眠，平均睡眠时间为 5 小时或更长时间。

Issue 343		O
src: The university was chosen to house the collection because it has a university for research into the subject.
tar: 之所以选择这所大学来收藏这些藏品，是因为它有一所大学专门研究该学科。
ref: 之所以选择这所大学来收藏这些藏品，是因为它有一所大学「专门」研究该学科。

Issue 344		L
src: The university was chosen to house the centre because it has a base for research into the subject.
tar: 该大学被选为该中心的所在地，因为它拥有该学科的研究基地。
ref: 该大学被选为该中心的所在地，因为它拥有【研究】该学科的「研究」基地。

Issue 345		L
src: Using a cat teaser to simulate bird or tiny mouse can let the cat enjoy the happiness of hunting, and sufficient and high quality exercise can mimic the behavior of biting birds or destroying furniture.
tar: 用逗猫棒模拟小鸟或小老鼠，可以让猫咪享受狩猎的快乐，充分高质量的运动可以模仿小鸟咬人或破坏家具的行为。
ref: 用逗猫棒模拟小鸟或小老鼠，可以让猫咪享受狩猎的快乐，充分高质量的运动可以模仿「小鸟咬人【咬小鸟】」或破坏家具的行为。

Issue 346		W
src: Europe's fur industry is back in the bag after Denmark's mass culling of tons of mink following an outbreak of coronavirus at farms in the netherlands.
tar: 在荷兰农场爆发冠状病毒后，丹麦大规模扑杀了数吨水貂后，欧洲的皮草行业又回到了囊中。
ref: 在荷兰农场爆发冠状病毒后，丹麦大规模扑杀了数吨水貂后，欧洲的皮草行业「又【重新】」回到了囊中。

Issue 347		U
src: He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the laying of the tennis court in August.
tar: 他强调，这次在省体育局和当地警方的支持下，终于在8月份拆除了一个集体谷仓，为铺设网球场腾出空间。
ref: 他强调，这次在省体育局和当地警方的支持下，【他们】终于在8月份拆除了一个集体谷仓，为铺设网球场腾出空间。

Issue 348		U
src: He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the local sports bureau and the local police, they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the laying of the tennis court in August.
tar: 他强调，这次在当地体育局和当地警方的支持下，终于在8月份拆除了一个集体谷仓，腾出空间铺设网球场。

Issue 349		U
src: He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the national police, they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the laying of the tennis court in August.
tar: 他强调，这一次在省体育局和国家警察的支持下，终于在8月份拆除了一个集体谷仓，腾出空间铺设网球场。

Issue 350		U
src: He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they successfully tore down a collective barn and made room for the laying of the tennis court in August.
tar: 他强调，这次在省体育局和当地警方的支持下，成功拆除集体谷仓，为8月铺设网球场腾出空间。

Issue 351		O
src: He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they simply tore down a collective barn and made room for the laying of the tennis court in August.
tar: 他强调，这一次，在省体育局和当地警方的支持下，他们只是简单地拆除了一个集体谷仓，为8月份铺设网球场腾出空间。
ref: 他强调，这一次，在省体育局和当地警方的支持下，他们「只是」简单地拆除了一个集体谷仓，为8月份铺设网球场腾出空间。

Issue 352		U
src: He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they finally tore down a nearby barn and made room for the laying of the tennis court in August.
tar: 他强调，这次在省体育局和当地警方的支持下，终于在8月拆除了附近的一个谷仓，为铺设网球场腾出空间。

Issue 353		U
src: He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the construction of the tennis court in August.
tar: 他强调，这次在省体育局和当地警方的支持下，终于在8月份拆除了一个集体谷仓，腾出空间建设网球场。

Issue 354		U
src: He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the building of the tennis court in August.
tar: 他强调，这一次在省体育局和当地警方的支持下，终于在8月拆除了一个集体谷仓，腾出空间建设网球场。

Issue 355		U
src: He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the opening of the tennis court in August.
tar: 他强调，这次在省体育局和当地警方的支持下，终于拆除了一个集体谷仓，为网球场8月开放腾出空间。

Issue 356		U
src: He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the installation of the tennis court in August.
tar: 他强调，这次在省体育局和当地警方的支持下，终于在8月份拆除了一个集体谷仓，腾出空间安装网球场。

Issue 357		U
src: He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the expansion of the tennis court in August.
tar: 他强调，这次在省体育局和当地警方的支持下，终于在8月份拆除了一个集体谷仓，为网球场的扩建腾出空间。

Issue 358		U
src: He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the reconstruction of the tennis court in August.
tar: 他强调，这次在省体育局和当地警方的支持下，终于在8月拆除了一个集体谷仓，腾出空间重建网球场。

Issue 359		U
src: He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the addition of the tennis court in August.
tar: 他强调，这次在省体育局和当地警方的支持下，终于在8月份拆除了一个集体谷仓，腾出空间增设了网球场。

Issue 360		U
src: He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the laying of the basketball court in August.
tar: 他强调，这次在省体育局和当地警方的支持下，终于在8月份拆除了一个集体谷仓，腾出空间铺设篮球场。

Issue 361		U
src: He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the laying of the tennis center in August.
tar: 他强调，这次在省体育局和当地警方的支持下，终于在8月拆除了一个集体谷仓，为网球中心的铺设腾出空间。

Issue 362		U
src: He emphasizes that this time, with the support of the provincial sports bureau and the local police, they finally tore down a collective barn and made room for the laying of the tennis grass in August.
tar: 他强调，这次在省体育局和当地警方的支持下，终于在8月份拆除了一个集体谷仓，腾出空间铺设网球草。

Issue 363		W
src: Sun says pet owners should avoid their pets having unnecessary contacts with other pets or humans during the pandemic, and when coming home from outside, pet owners should wash their hands first before touching their pets.
tar: 孙说，宠物主人在大流行期间应避免宠物与其他宠物或人类进行不必要的接触，从外面回家时，宠物主人应先洗手再接触宠物。
ref: 孙说，宠物主人在「大流行【病】」期间应避免宠物与其他宠物或人类进行不必要的接触，从外面回家时，宠物主人应先洗手再接触宠物。

Issue 364		W
src: Sun says pet owners should avoid their pets having close contacts with other pets or humans during the pandemic, and when coming home from outside, pet owners should wash their hands first before touching their pets.
tar: 孙说，宠物主人在大流行期间应避免宠物与其他宠物或人类密切接触，从外面回家时，宠物主人应先洗手再接触宠物。

Issue 365		W
src: Sun says pet owners should avoid their pets having direct contacts with other pets or humans during the pandemic, and when coming home from outside, pet owners should wash their hands first before touching their pets.
tar: 孙说，宠物主人在大流行期间应避免宠物与其他宠物或人类直接接触，从外面回家时，宠物主人应先洗手再接触宠物。

Issue 366		W
src: Sun says pet owners should avoid their pets having unnecessary contacts with other pets or humans during the pandemic, and when coming home from outside, pet owners should wash their hands carefully before touching their pets.
tar: 孙说，宠物主人在大流行期间应避免宠物与其他宠物或人类进行不必要的接触，从外面回家时，宠物主人在接触宠物之前应仔细洗手。

Issue 367		W
src: Sun says pet owners should avoid their pets having unnecessary contacts with other pets or humans during the pandemic, and when coming home from outside, pet owners should wash their hands properly before touching their pets.
tar: 孙说，宠物主人在大流行期间应避免宠物与其他宠物或人类进行不必要的接触，从外面回家时，宠物主人应在接触宠物之前正确洗手。

Issue 368		O
src: What McMahon, her family and the rest of us choose to do in the coming weeks will likely lay the groundwork for the pandemic's path during the long cold winter that follow this event.
tar: 麦克马洪、她的家人和我们其他人在接下来的几周内选择做的事情，可能会为此次事件之后漫长寒冷的冬季大流行病的传播路径奠定基础。
ref: 麦克马洪、她的家人和我们其他人在接下来的几周内选择做的事情，可能会为此次事件之后漫长寒冷的冬季大流行病的「传播」路径奠定基础。

Issue 369		O
src: What McMahon, her family and the rest of us choose to do in the coming weeks will effectively lay the groundwork for the pandemic's path during the long cold winter that follow this event.
tar: 麦克马洪、她的家人和我们其他人在未来几周内选择做的事情，将有效地为这一事件之后漫长寒冷的冬季大流行病的传播路径奠定基础。

Issue 370		W
src: What McMahon, her family and the rest of us choose to do in the coming weeks will likely lay the groundwork for the pandemic's end during the long cold winter that follow this event.
tar: 麦克马洪、她的家人和我们其他人在未来几周内选择做的事情，可能会为在此次事件之后的漫长寒冷冬季结束大流行奠定基础。
ref: 麦克马洪、她的家人和我们其他人在未来几周内选择做的事情，可能会为在此次事件之后的漫长寒冷冬季结束「大流行【病】」奠定基础。

Issue 371		O
src: What McMahon, her family and the rest of us choose to do in the coming weeks will likely lay the groundwork for the pandemic's path during the long bitter winter that follow this event.
tar: 麦克马洪、她的家人和我们其他人在接下来的几周内选择做的事情，可能会为此次事件之后的漫长严冬期间大流行病的传播路径奠定基础。

Issue 372		O
src: We have staff who have moved out to live elsewhere in order to protect relatives at home, staff who have cancelled holidays, who aren't seeing their loved ones because they dedicated to working here and they know the urgency.
tar: 我们有员工为了保护家里的亲人而搬到别处居住，有的员工取消了假期，有的员工因为致力于在这里工作而没有见到亲人，他们知道事情的紧迫性。
ref: 我们有员工为了保护家里的亲人而搬到别处居住，有的员工取消了假期，有的员工因为致力于在这里工作而没有见到亲人，他们知道「事情的」紧迫性。

Issue 373		W
src: Mink, like their close relatives, ferrets, are known to be susceptible to coronavirus, and like humans, they can show a number of symptoms, from no signs of infection at all to severe effects, such as blindness.
tar: 众所周知，水貂和它们的近亲雪貂一样容易感染冠状病毒，并且像人类一样，它们会表现出多种症状，从完全没有感染迹象到严重后果，例如失明。
ref: 众所周知，水貂和它们的近亲雪貂一样容易感染冠状病毒，并且像人类一样，它们会表现出多种症状，从完全没有感染迹象到严重「后果【影响】」，例如失明。

Issue 374		L
src: In this brief scene we are given a snapshot of the mindset of Chinese in their 20s who are in love with nightlife, but are intent on preserving their own health, and looks, even as they light the candle at both ends.
tar: 在这个简短的场景中，我们看到了 20 多岁的中国人的心态快照，他们热爱夜生活，但一心想保护自己的健康和容貌，即使他们点燃了两端的蜡烛。
ref: 在这个简短的场景中，我们看到了 20 多岁的中国人的心态快照，他们热爱夜生活，但一心想保护自己的健康和容貌，即使他们点燃了「两端的蜡烛【蜡烛的两端】」。

Issue 375		L
src: In this brief interview we are given a snapshot of the mindset of Chinese in their 20s who are in love with nightlife, but are intent on preserving their own health, and looks, even as they light the candle at both ends.
tar: 在这个简短的采访中，我们简要了解了 20 多岁的中国人的心态，他们热爱夜生活，但一心要保护自己的健康和容貌，即使他们点燃了两端的蜡烛。
ref: 在这个简短的采访中，我们「简要了解了 」20 多岁的中国人的心态，他们热爱夜生活，但一心要保护自己的健康和容貌，即使他们点燃了「两端的蜡烛」。

Issue 376		L
src: In this brief discussion we are given a snapshot of the mindset of Chinese in their 20s who are in love with nightlife, but are intent on preserving their own health, and looks, even as they light the candle at both ends.
tar: 在这个简短的讨论中，我们简要了解了 20 多岁的中国人的心态，他们热爱夜生活，但一心要保护自己的健康和容貌，即使他们点燃了两头蜡烛。

Issue 377		L
src: In this brief sequence we are given a snapshot of the mindset of Chinese in their 20s who are in love with nightlife, but are intent on preserving their own health, and looks, even as they light the candle at both ends.
tar: 在这个简短的序列中，我们简要了解了 20 多岁的中国人的心态，他们热爱夜生活，但一心要保护自己的健康和容貌，即使他们点燃了两端的蜡烛。

Issue 378		L; U; W
src: In this brief scene we are given a snapshot of the mindset of Chinese in their 20s who are in love with nightlife, but are bent on preserving their own health, and looks, even as they light the candle at both ends.
tar: 在这短短的一幕中，我们看到了中国20多岁热爱夜生活，但一心想养生、养颜，两头点灯的心态。

Issue 379		U
src: Every time the virus spreads between animals it changes, and if it changes too much from the one that is circulating within animals at the moment, that might mean that any vaccine or treatment that will be produced soon might not work as well as it should do.
tar: 每次病毒在动物之间传播时，它都会发生变化，如果它与目前在动物体内传播的病毒发生太大变化，这可能意味着即将生产的任何疫苗或治疗方法可能无法发挥应有的作用.
ref: 每次病毒在动物之间传播时，它都会发生变化，如果它与目前在动物体内传播的病毒发生太大变化，这可能意味着即将生产的任何疫苗或治疗方法可能无法「发挥应有的作用【像应有的 那样好地 发挥作用】」.

Issue 380		U
src: Every time the infection spreads between animals it changes, and if it changes too much from the one that is circulating within animals at the moment, that might mean that any vaccine or treatment that will be produced soon might not work as well as it should do.
tar: 每次感染在动物之间传播时，它都会发生变化，如果与目前在动物体内传播的感染发生太大变化，这可能意味着即将生产的任何疫苗或治疗方法可能无法发挥应有的作用.

Issue 381		U
src: Every time the virus spreads between animals it changes, and if it changes too much from the one that is circulating within animals at the moment, that might mean that any vaccine or serum that will be produced soon might not work as well as it should do.
tar: 每次病毒在动物之间传播时，它都会发生变化，如果它与目前在动物体内传播的病毒发生太大变化，这可能意味着即将生产的任何疫苗或血清可能无法发挥应有的作用.

Issue 382		L; O
src: The results come hot on the heels of similar results from Pfizer, and add to the confidence that vaccines can help end the epidemic.
tar: 辉瑞公司的类似结果紧随其后，结果也很火爆，并增加了疫苗可以帮助结束流行病的信心。
ref: 【紧随】辉瑞公司的类似结果「紧随其后」，结果「也很」火爆，并增加了疫苗可以帮助结束流行病的信心。

Issue 383		U
src: The results come hot on the heels of disappointing results from Pfizer, and add to the confidence that vaccines can help end the epidemic.
tar: 继辉瑞公司令人失望的结果之后，这一结果紧随其后，增加了人们对疫苗可以帮助结束这一流行病的信心。
ref: 继辉瑞公司令人失望的结果之后，这一结果紧随其后【变得火爆】，增加了人们对疫苗可以帮助结束这一流行病的信心。

Issue 384		U
src: The results come hot on the heels of previous results from Pfizer, and add to the confidence that vaccines can help end the epidemic.
tar: 该结果紧随辉瑞先前的结果之后而来，并增加了疫苗可以帮助结束流行病的信心。
ref: 该结果紧随辉瑞先前的结果之后而来【…】，并增加了疫苗可以帮助结束流行病的信心。

Issue 385		W
src: The results come hot on the heels of similar reports from Pfizer, and add to the confidence that vaccines can help end the epidemic.
tar: 该结果紧随辉瑞公司的类似报告之后火热发布，并增强了人们对疫苗可以帮助结束这一流行病的信心。
ref: 该结果紧随辉瑞公司的类似报告之后「火热发布」，并增强了人们对疫苗可以帮助结束这一流行病的信心。

Issue 386		O; U
src: The results come hot on the heels of similar successes from Pfizer, and add to the confidence that vaccines can help end the epidemic.
tar: 继辉瑞公司取得类似成功之后，这一结果也火爆起来，并增强了人们对疫苗可以帮助结束这一流行病的信心。
ref: 「继【紧随】」辉瑞公司取得类似成功之后，这一结果「也」火爆起来，并增强了人们对疫苗可以帮助结束这一流行病的信心。

Issue 387		L
src: As people continue to warn about traveling over the holidays amid the fall surge, health experts are also investigating the virus' impact on children.
tar: 随着人们继续警告在秋季高峰期间假期旅行，健康专家也在调查该病毒对儿童的影响。
ref: 随着人们继续「警告【不要】在秋季高峰期间假期旅行【/对在秋季高峰期间假期旅行提出警告】」，健康专家也在调查该病毒对儿童的影响。

Issue 388		L; W
src: As officials continue to warn about traveling over the holidays amid the fall surge, health experts are also investigating the virus' impact on children.
tar: 由于官员们继续警告在秋季激增期间假期旅行，健康专家也在调查该病毒对儿童的影响。
ref: 由于官员们继续警告【不要】在秋季「激增【高峰/大潮】」期间假期旅行，健康专家也在调查该病毒对儿童的影响。

Issue 389		L
src: As people continue to warn about traveling over the holidays amid the population surge, health experts are also investigating the virus' impact on children.
tar: 随着人们继续警告在人口激增的情况下假期旅行，健康专家也在调查该病毒对儿童的影响。

Issue 390		L
src: As people continue to warn about traveling over the holidays amid the power surge, health experts are also investigating the virus' impact on children.
tar: 随着人们继续警告在电力激增的情况下假期旅行，健康专家也在调查该病毒对儿童的影响。

Issue 391		L
src: As people continue to warn about traveling over the holidays amid the flu surge, health experts are also investigating the virus' impact on children.
tar: 随着人们继续警告在流感激增期间假期旅行，健康专家也在调查该病毒对儿童的影响。

Issue 392		L
src: As people continue to warn about traveling over the holidays amid the disease surge, health experts are also investigating the virus' impact on children.
tar: 随着人们继续警告在疾病激增的情况下假期旅行，健康专家也在调查该病毒对儿童的影响。

Issue 393		L
src: As people continue to warn about traveling over the holidays amid the tourist surge, health experts are also investigating the virus' impact on children.
tar: 随着人们继续警告在游客激增的情况下假期旅行，健康专家也在调查该病毒对儿童的影响。

Issue 394		L; U; W
src: As people continue to warn about traveling over the holidays amid the holiday surge, health experts are also investigating the virus' impact on children.
tar: 在假期激增的情况下，人们继续警告假期旅行，健康专家也在调查该病毒对儿童的影响。
ref: 「在假期激增的情况下，人们继续警告假期旅行」，健康专家也在调查该病毒对儿童的影响。

Issue 395		L; W
src: As people continue to warn about traveling over the holidays amid the fall surge, health officials are also investigating the virus' impact on children.
tar: 随着人们继续警告在秋季激增期间假期旅行，卫生官员也在调查该病毒对儿童的影响。

Issue 396		L
src: As people continue to warn about traveling over the holidays amid the fall surge, health experts are actively investigating the virus' impact on children.
tar: 随着人们继续警告在秋季高峰期间假期旅行，健康专家正在积极调查该病毒对儿童的影响。

Issue 397		L
src: As people continue to warn about traveling over the holidays amid the fall surge, health experts are slowly investigating the virus' impact on children.
tar: 随着人们继续警告在秋季高峰期间假期旅行，健康专家正在慢慢调查该病毒对儿童的影响。

